"","usernamelist","datelist","ratelist","reviewtitlelist","reviewlist"
"1","MoistMovies","29 April 2019","
            7/10
            "," Not as good as infinity war..
","But its a pretty good film. A bit of a mess in some parts, lacking the cohesive and effortless feel infinity war somehow managed to accomplish. Some silly plot holes and characters that could've been cut (Ahem, captain marvel and thanos). The use of Captain marvel in this film was just ridiculous. Shes there at the start, bails for some reason? And then pops up at the end to serve no purpose but deux ex machina a space ship...The past thanos part wasn't necessary when you think about it, they could've done this film without a real 'villain' And it would've worked and been a original take on a super hero film without using the same formula we have seen in 10+ super hero films already. The entire final battle felt like a rehashed messy battle, with a bunch more characters against thanos - basically mixing the space battle from infinity war; iron man, spider man etc and the final battle of infinity war with captain america, thor etc.. mashing those two into one within this new film. The scenes of trying to pull the gauntlet off his hand.. it all felt like a rehash.To me the best part of the film was the first act and half of the second, when everyone is lost and trying to figure out how to continue on. really interesting themes that followed the pay off from infinity wars ending. And then the time heist part. Tho the heist part should've been much more stretched out. With only small parts of thanos within that, and not having him be the big bad again. But just a side character that gets in the way a little bit.And the setting up for 'new avengers' to replace the beloved actors and characters we have come to associate with these films.. they do not get me at all excited for the next phase in marvel films. Falcon, Valkyrie, blackpanther, cap marvel? I just dont care about them at all. And their actors lack any charisma or depth.To me this feels like a closing of marvel films that I'll really enjoy for my pop corn fix. I've given infinity war a 10/10 and some of the stand alone films 8's and 9's. But I have a sinking feeling this will not be happening in the future except the guardians of the galaxy films.It seems i maybe in the minority for my feelings towards this film, but im not sugar coating my opinion like it seems a few people are doing due to nostalgia. Its good, but not great. Had the opportunity to be better, maybe? And the setting up of new characters to come possible reflects on my score to... Because i just don't give two cents about any of them"
"2","ACollegeStudent","13 December 2021","
            8/10
            "," Not as good as infinity war but a great movie
","Rating: 8.6Not as good as Infinity war pacing-wise, but is a satisfying ending to the saga. High production quality, and a great soundtrack like its predecessor. The final fight did feel a little clichÃ© (two armies brainlessly charging at each other for a typical smackdown). Not much to write about, it made every marvel movie before it worth the ticket."
"3","dschlatter","6 May 2019","
            7/10
            "," Success does not equal quality
","The soon-to-be most successful movie of all times actually ranks fairly low among its companions. I'd say it is about as good as Winter Soldier.
As a fan of the pevious films, expecially Infinity War, I couldn't miss this one. I think that goes for most movie-goers. After Infinity War, we HAD to see how it ends. Infinity War was an almost perfect movie.
And now we get less than perfect. Now, we get ""good"" or ""very good"" and in comparison it seems almost bad.
My issue is not how the film is made. But with the story they chose to tell:
1. Thanos can't be the stronger villain without his gauntlet. That's poor writing.
2. Captain Marvel and Captain America are NOT equally strong (when fighting Thanos).
3. Stormbreaker was this amazing weapon in Infinity War. It beat Thanos with all stones in his gauntlet. Now it's just as steong as the hammer.
4. Thor has just found his purpose and strength in Ragnarok and Infinity War. Now he is a joke.
5. The time travel is, well, how itz always is. Hardly logical.
Those are the issues that now trouble me after having seen it two days ago. It just wasn't as good as Infinity War. They missed their mark."
"4","davyjones-636363","26 November 2021","
            10/10
            "," Crazy in every sense
","This film is an emotional rollercoaster with some of the coolest superhero plot lines ever drawn up. It's straight up the most epic Marvel film that will probably ever be created. I don't see how Marvel could ever top this, but getting to see these characters all together at least one last time was a reward all on its own."
"5","dhiraj-yahoo","8 May 2019","
            10/10
            "," Perfect ending
","After watching Infinity war, I was looking forward to much more this time, still a perfect ending."
"6","auuwws","26 May 2020","
            10/10
            "," Great
","Perhaps Infinity War was the film of Thanos in which he imposed what he was seeking, but Endgame is the movie of Avengers who impose what they seek, and perhaps his title, which translates to ""the end of the game"" means the end of what Thanos sought. But do you think that would be that easy? Contrary to what Thanos did quite easily? you are wrong! The Infinite War movie may have been very touching and shocking when Thanos killed half of the universe creatures, but the endgame is more impactful and shocking than him. Although the cuff will be in the interest of the Avengers in this movie, nothing comes for free, must be given to get, and perhaps the long time period for the movie that reached three hours was very reasonable because their journey to achieve their goal was neither easy nor many options in front of them."
"7","ahmetkozan","25 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," The End of an Era!
","After Avengers Infinity War, we waited for the Avengers Endgame. We wondered how the story would go on, how our heroes would turn back, what would be the end of Thanos. Many theories related to this have been put forward. Avengers Endgame was undoubtedly the most anticipated film of recent years. Normally, the higher the expectation, the higher the probability of disappointment. But this is not the case for Endgame. Whatever you're expecting, you find much more in the film. This means that the biggest concern about the film has disappeared.On the other hand, another comparison comes up. Is Endgame more successful than Infinity War? We can comfortably say it Avengers Infinity War is just the beginning of the story. Endgame was the finale of the story. So we shouldn't think of these two films as two separate stories. There is only one story divided into two parts.Avengers Endgame is, above all, a great homage to the ten-year history of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. The story highlights the original Avengers team. Iron Man, Captain America, Thor, Hulk, Black Widow and Hawkeye are at the center of events. No character comes in front of them. Of course there are many characters that play an important role in the story outside the original Avengers team. Everyone's concern was that Captain Marvel, who was included in the Marvel world, overshadowed other heroes. We can say that this certainly did not happen. What is important in this struggle is not how strong you are, but how good you are. This comes to the fore in all areas. It gives good message about being a hero and a family.Of course, Avengers Endgame has some critical aspects. For example, is the three-hour period necessary in terms of the story? It can be discussed. The head of the story moves much slower than the rest. It also drags the heroes into an emotional predicament. Then the tempo is rising and the heavy scenes we are watching are getting more meaningful. The last 45 minutes of the movie is fully action packed. But the last 45 minutes goes so fast that you don't even realize it. Action and battle scenes are really successful. There is not even a slight distress about visual effects. There are also slight logic errors in the film, but in general the story is so successful that these details become meaningless and insignificant after a certain point.Lastly, Avengers Endgame doesn't have a movie end scene. Because after the film's final, there is no need for another scene. The Marvel legend Stan Lee appears with a small stage. But this is the last surprise scene in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Moreover, there is no clue about Marvel's future. This makes us wonder more about Spider-Man: Far from Home. 10/10"
"8","larshoeijmans","24 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," The ending made all 22 movies worth it
","If you're going to watch this movie, avoid any spoilers, even spoiler free reviews.
Which is why I'm not going to say anything about the movie. Not even my opinion. All I'm going to say is:The crowd applauded 3 times during the movie, and stood up to clap their hands after. This I have never witnessed in a Dutch cinema. Dutch crowds aren't usually passionate about this. I checked the row where I was sitting, and people were crying. After the movie, I was seeing people with smudged mascara. That's all I have to say about the movie."
"9","ymyuseda","24 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," Absolute Perfection End Game
","Rating 10/10
Absolute perfection end game !! Good acting performance to all the characters. Great cgi's. Truly epic & perfect ending to a long journey of marvel movie. Go see it you wont regret it !! Perfection Marvel Endgame !!"
"10","nickgray-12862","27 April 2019","
            7/10
            "," Emotional but bit messy.
","So it all ends. I have loved most of the MCU, some have been too predictable but I awaited after IW to see how it would all pan out. Firstly some of my favourite characters are a joke. Please don't dumb Thor or Banner/Hulk down, not necessary. Great starting scene, then slow dramatic next 1.5 hours. It builds to the time travel reversing all section with too many plot holes. We've all seen other time reversing movies who have done it so much better. The last hour is spectacular, great to see all the gang back but it feels rushed. Emotion runs high and defo not a kids film in my eyes. Cap is great Stark is amazing but everyone else feels like there just there. What I loved was the beauty of the final scenes, wonderful score and saying goodbye to old friends. Overall wanted more, but even far from perfect is still pretty good."
"11","TheBigSick","26 April 2019","
            8/10
            "," Neither self-contained nor original
","The film has too many references to previous Marvel films, and is not friendly to those who are not Marvel fans. General audiences may easily get confused: what is this and why is that? The story is not original either. We have seen too many time-travel films, such as Back to the Future and Days of Future Past. This film does not offer anything new. Besides, the last thirty minutes are kind of redundant, and the overall running time is unnecessarily long."
"12","Mardolin","24 April 2019","
            6/10
            "," A little bit underwhelmed
","Don't get me wrong, the movie was great, but would I watch it a second time? Probably not - until the DVD comes out.I've seen infinity war at least 5 times, and it's one of my favorite films.That being said, i will compare the two movies for sure, and I just disliked the pacing, it was all over the place. Some Characters felt off, and some got little to no screen time, where others had too much.It's just too many characters for one movie, even though infinity war did it much better, with just as many characters. I just can't put my finger on it.The fighting scenes were alright, the first half lacked action, but the second half delivered some good solid scenes, nothing groundbreaking, but fun to watch. They can't reinvent the wheel, neither do they want to. They stick to what works, and that's alright.All in all, the movie was a close 8/10, the fanboys who give it a 10 are just blind to accept the mistakes the movie made. It's not a perfect film, even an 8 is really generous in my opinion. The Movie works with nostalgia and gives fans of the MCU the things they wanted, more or less.Still thinking Thor 3 was the best MCU movie. Sue me."
"13","jalidav1980","26 April 2019","
            4/10
            "," Not the Endgame I hoped for
","Well first off, Infinity War is one of my favourite movies of all time, and I feel the expectations I had built from that, has impacted how I feel about this movie.Their are some really beautiful scenes and some great fan service which deserves a mention, in a movie that feels like a stepping stone to promote some of the characters that recently failed in the comics. We are entering the get woke, go broke phase of the MCUNow onto the movie:The plot line is all over the place and they made the mistake of using time travel to fix the universes problems, there are no consequences for failure anymore in the mcu, because just like in Dragon all we can just ""Wish back"" all those who died. Its basically Back To The Future, the Thanos edition.Once again, they sideline Thor and The Hulk by using them purely as a punchline for lame, low IQ jokes in a corny script that feels like it is trying to be so many things, but doesn't quite hit the mark. Thor spends the entire movie as a whiny, fat child with mommy issuesAlthough there were some very nice, touching moments to the movie I feel like most of the mourning and brooding could have been condensed into a montage in order for us to see the heroes do, exactly what we came to see the heroes do, fight bad guys. There's very little in the way of action and because the story was so all over the place, I left feeling like nothing was actually accomplished in this movie.As always Tony is amazing, throwing out one liners and nicknames and Captain America is great too.Overall I really enjoyed many aspects of it, but at the same time I felt like there was no control over the plot. Like they were more concerned with paying homage to EVERY character ever, before writing a great narrative."
"14","Paynebyname","4 May 2019","
            9/10
            "," The writers got carried away, the directors over reached and the studio sacrificed the integrity of their product.
","I've just come from watching Endgame and I must say that I am disappointed.I loved Civil War and I loved Infinity War. When I came out of those films, I knew immediately that they were great and that I wanted to see them again. With Endgame, I'm not sure.I respect how they were prepared to show the consequences of what Thanos had done but by killing him off so quickly and then them having to do their own stone quest (hadn't we already seen Thanos doing this in IW) it felt slow and lazy. Worse still was that it felt very self-indulgent and attempting to be clever for clever sake.Like how Back to the Future II considered itself clever for showing the events of the first film but with Marty flitting around behind the scenes to ensure that it all still happened. I know it's meant to be fan pleasing but it really felt like a gimmick and lacking in confidence. Almost like it was saying 'Hey guys, this will make you smile'. If you want to make me smile, concentrate on maintaining the quality of your product rather than directly trying to make me like you.But the trouble with messing around with timelines and bouncing around is that it makes the audience start asking questions during the film. The linearity that we'd seen in IW and the imminent fast approaching threat is replaced in Endgame with a lack of direction and characters that are earlier versions of who the audience have seen.In IW we were shown Thanos. He was written to be sympathetic or at least a character that we the audience could understand. He believed in what he was doing and this made him more rounded. But in Endgame, that version is dispatched quickly and we are supplied with a 2014 (?) Thanos who isn't the character we know but is just a token bad guy.This Thanos hasn't made the sacrifice at Vormire, he isn't the guy that would empathise with Scarlet Witch for what she did to Vision. He has suddenly become a token cut out evil bad guy that needs to be defeated. Hell, the writers even manage to forget their own time loop by saying that this Thanos has learnt that he doesn't want to wipe out 50% anymore because they are too ungrateful. How does he know this when the 2014 Thanos has only just literally arrived in the post wipeout Universe? How has he had time to form the opinion that his previous quest for a 50% cull isn't worthy?Is this a case of the writers being terrified that they had created a bad guy that people related to or was it a fear that they'd written themselves into a hole? Why go to the effort of creating that character in IW to suddenly kill him off at the beginning of Endgame just for a dramatic punch?For me, the time travelling and stone gathering wasted time to create unimportant scenes that fundamentally undermine the films that came before.
In my opinion it would have been better if they had shown the remaining Avengers preparing to do some Avenging and maintained the single minded linearity of IW of battling towards and reaching a post click Thanos and somehow reversing his work.The more I think of the film, the more plot holes and frustrations manifest themselves. Thor's drinking and man child antics might have been initially funny but one begins to realise that they are deliberately doing this to clip his wings. Likewise with Hulk, his primordial desire to smash and destroy has been removed to think it out and he has become an embarrassing shadow of his former self.The thing that is meant to be amazing about the MCU is the world building but inconsistencies have been appearing and there are so many in Endgame that it makes you question whether these two films are written by the same people.In IW, Thanos is a dangerous and credible threat because he has the infinity stones. He takes on half of the Avengers, Strange and some of the Guardians on Titan and smashes them and then takes on the other half on Wakanda and smashes them. Yet it is Stormbreaker (whose creation we have seen been hard earned by a motivated Thor) that has the power to take down Thanos even when he has a full complement of Infinity Stones.Yet we roll forward to Endgame and we have literally all the good guys together in one place, Cap with his shield, Tony fully powered up, Scarlet Witch p*ssed and vengeful, Capt Marvel who can seemingly do anything and Thor wielding both Mjolnir AND Stormbreaker and Thanos NOT in possession of the gauntlet, yet they can't defeat him.It's like the fights in IW were so amazing because the good guys were taking on an unbeatable foe yet here he is now seemingly defeatable by the 'rules' that the writers established . A good example of this would be in IW when Cap is the last man standing before Scarlet Witch and he grabs the gauntlet. You see the look of admiration/respect on Thanos' face that Cap is holding open the gauntlet before he punches him to the ground yet now that scene seems pointless.The writers for Endgame seem to have been driven to undo everything they did in IW. All the tension, all the sacrifice, all the development of Thanos discarded for well, I don't know what. It makes no sense.IW had two incredible scenes that used to choke me up. When Cap appears in the train station, the Avengers theme kicks in and Falcon and Widow take down the henchman in a wonderfully choreographed scene. In just that one scene it shows them coming to the rescue, it shows how intuitively they work together and it showcases their heroism.Likewise when Thor creates Stormbreaker and makes his entrance on Wakanda, I felt it for the journey that Thor has been on. He's had to contend with loss and defeat and humiliation and this is his redemption. Here is a character that has earned his game changing weapon and when he arrives and demands to face a character that everyone else is running away from, I want to punch the air.But in Endgame, that feels like it has to be corrupted. We can't have Thor being dominant, let's break him and make him a fool. We can't have Thanos being complicated and relatable, let's make him a cut out bad guy. We can't have Hulk being rage fuelled and smashing stuff up, let's make him more sensitive and talking stuff out. We can't have Cap being stoic and heroic, let's have him ridiculing one of his own iconic lines in a silly gimmicky fight with himself and commenting on his butt. We can't have a powerful female character that we're invested in look sexy AND be able to take down Thanos, let's give Scarlet Witch a small part but focus our attention on a female character that hasn't earnt our admiration or desire for revenge.To be honest, the 'rules of engagement' had been set so well in IW that when in Endgame Thanos massed his ranks against the Avengers and then ALL of the good guys showed up, I was almost expecting the camera to pull away and not show the fight given that it was so obviously going to be an easy win for the good guys.And as for the big fight scene, it did reek of what DC always manage to do which is just throw everything into an end battle and bludgeon you with CGI and pyrotechnics so that you aren't really sure what is going on.In the many fights in IW, you knew what was going on, you recognised the combatants, you understood the stakes and you identified the geography of the scene. In Endgame we got one big massive fight where everything was thrown in the pot and it was just assumed by the directors that we would be happy with all the flashing lights.
And I have to say that considering that Steve and Tony fell out so hard, and that Tony's criticism of Steve was so unfair, that I really had hoped for more than just a handshake, a muttering of 'no worries' and 'here's your shield'. These guys wrote and directed Civil War, they created the line 'we fell out hard' and hence I had hoped for something deeper and more touching than a handshake.Steve wrote Tony a letter telling him that when he needed him he'd be there but once again the Iron Man bias had to creep in and once again Tony was the victim and the ultimate hero.But I think my biggest problem is how the convenient time travelling undermines everything. When a franchise starts retrofitting stuff (like Fury's eye being from a space cat), it's then hard to consider the previous stories.Having 2014 Gamorra means that all the evolution that we saw her go through in GOTG 1 and 2 is wasted. Having Cap marry Peggy means the pain of his sacrifice, him seeing her in Winter Soldier when she is suffering from Alzheimer's, hell even his blossoming relationship with Sharon Carter is kinda irrelevant. Having seen Thor at last step away from his two weaker origin films into the entertainment of Ragnarok and the redemption in IW leaves us now with a bumbling buffoon.We know that what makes Captain America what he is, is the serum that makes him a super soldier. That he was transformed from a weakling to a superhuman. Sam Wilson is not a super soldier and he didn't take the serum. He is Falcon. Now maybe in the comics he becomes Cap but Bucky is a super soldier. Is the new Cap going to foil an evil plot and be defeated with a tazer or a knife to the chest? Consider the beatings that Steve has taken and the physical strength that he has shown we can recognise that Sam Wilson does not have that.I'm sorry to say but the Russo's have dropped the ball. Themselves and their writers have succumbed to their success and their desire to be engineers of political correctness and social change. I thought Endgame would be the high soaring end to this 10 year run of impressive movie entertainment but in the end the writers got carried away, the directors over reached and the studio sacrificed the integrity of their product for a chance to 'educate' us all. A real shame and a wasted opportunity.Infinity War is clearly the highlight of the last 10 years but even now I fear that repeated viewings will render it pointless considering how the makers decided to fundamentally damage it."
"15","rsvp321","1 August 2019","
            9/10
            "," Half this movie is boring, emotional dialogue, unlike the first part all action!
","I have watched the first part many, many times. Every minute of it was accounted for with importance to the plot - not wasted on snowflake emotions.This second half has an excellent plot, but oh, my - how it dragged on with talk and tears!I also didn't like Pepper suddenly being outfitted as a fighter?! lol! And, considering the future hero roles revealed in this one, can we eventually expect a white Black Panther, too?! Don't get me wrong - I don't want to see a white Black Panther.Several other points of disappointment, too.Bummer."
"16","kriscot-48548","16 July 2019","
            8/10
            "," A must watch
","great performancesincredible visualsstory ends in a way to set worth a new generation of marvel stories/charactersperfect send off for the original actorsa must see for any marvel or superhero fan"
"17","vert2712","24 April 2019","
            9/10
            "," The zenith of the MCU franchise.
","I feel like I'm wasting my time writing down my thoughts about Avengers: Endgame, because nothing I (or any critic) could say about it would ever dissuade a prospective viewer from seeing it. But after having had the chance to watch it at a preview screening, I can't help but say a few spoiler-free words.I'm not your average fanboy -- most long-running franchises have bored me at this point, and I couldn't care less about the newest Star Wars episode or whether there will be another film set in the Harry Potter universe.But Marvel films have been consistently watchable, with many solid entries and a few great ones (Winter Soldier, Ragnarok, the first Guardians of the Galaxy among others). And after Infinity War ended with a cliffhanger, I was looking forward to the conclusion. Boy, was I not disappointed!Very few highly-anticipated movies live up to the hype, but Avengers: Endgame is one of them. It's the perfect follow up to Infinity War, and the absolute zenith of the Marvel franchise. It's hard to see how they'll be able to top this one.It's surprisingly inventive (even when you know where the story is headed, the plot takes a few tangents getting there), emotionally engaging (a few people were crying in the theater) and surprisingly funny (this is probably the most I've laughed in a Marvel film since Thor: Ragnarok). Visually speaking, it's a true spectacle (topping Infinity War in the 'epic battle' stakes), and even though it's three hours long, it doesn't feel bloated. The only times I glanced at my watch was because I was hoping there would be more time before the end.Yes, it's a superhero movie, but an immensely entertaining one (especially for fans who have seen all the pictures that came before it: there are tons of references and inside jokes to reward the faithful).If ""Return of the King"" managed to win Best picture at the 2003 Oscars Avengers: Endgame deserves at least a nomination. It's as good (and in many ways better) a conclusion to a fantasy/genre series as the Peter Jackson film,.Go see it."
"18","patrickpink2013","19 August 2019","
            10/10
            "," nothing here keep on walking
","3 hours out of my life I will never get back.
not worth the hype. you think the soap opera is done by the ultimate battle.
think again. let us milk it and release another spider man. geez a lou."
"19","Leofwine_draca","2 March 2020","
            10/10
            "," Great climax!
","So here we have it, AVENGERS: ENDGAME, the expansive sequel to not only AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR but also to the whole last 13 years or so of Marvel cinema. It's a film that had big boots to fill but the good news is that it's a complete success and every bit as enjoyable as its predecessor. At three hours I wasn't sure about the pacing, but even during the slower first half the viewer's interest remains piqued thanks to the witty dialogue and huge cast of well-established characters doing their thing.The time travel plot might seem a cop out to some, but I really enjoyed the way it gives characters a chance to revisit earlier productions (and even allow the likes of Robert Redford to show up in clever cameos). The climactic action is well worth the wait and bests the battles in LORD OF THE RINGS: RETURN OF THE KING in terms of pure CGI spectacle; it only took them 16 years to get it right. Great fun, anyway, and one for the ages."
"20","sahil_shah-53365","23 December 2021","
            7/10
            "," Epic
","One of the best superhero movies I have ever watched.All the actors really nailed their roles.Especially my one and only favorite iron man.Robert Downey Jr is irreplaceable in Iron man role."
"21","Stream2BigScreen_Movie_Reviews","7 January 2020","
            10/10
            "," Avengers:Endgame historic performance
","Let's talk about the enormity of this film and what Marvel just accomplished.First, this movie did not disappoint. It is very hard to contemplate a movie that will ever have as much or more anticipation than Endgame. Just think about the build up of this film. From May 2008 to April 2019, Marvel, in 21 films, introduced heroes, villains, plots, side plots, family members, love interests and countless Easter eggs that culminated into this film.Second, in a movie full with 10+ main characters, Marvel did an unbelievable job featuring each one and staying true to the characters we've all fallen in love with. This point could easily be a thesis paper for a doctoral candidate. The development and story arcs of characters, individually and collectively, in the midst of struggle and triumph is nothing short of amazing. The attention to detail and thoughtful craftsmanship is true artwork. One knock fans may have is the forced fandom moments. We have so many beloved characters but these moments comes as certain team-up pairings during the big fight that are great but also forced and stereotypical.Lastly, this movie is beauty in motion. Mainly, the movie looks and sounds wonderful. If there is one knock against the movie, the final fight at points was too dark for some of the characters. Otherwise, the final fight displays exactly what many of the DC movies have failed with, Hero power display. Marvel did such a great job of making you feel every punch, kick, hammer throw but also made you feel like you were in motion with each character (thus why I believe 4D would be very good). The sound editing is very good and the song selections in this movie help the viewers follow the emotional roller-coaster ride everyone believes they are in for.Marvel created near perfection for fans (or a near perfect ending). And the ending of this movie, isn't even technically the finish to Phase 3 of their universe. That would be Spider-man: Homecoming coming soon. Phase 4 and 5 are also already in the works. Everyone that was a part of this movie and the first 3 phases should be applauded, but their work is not yet done because for those with the greatest power comes great responsibility."
"22","sajakram","14 June 2019","
            7/10
            "," These get worse!!!
","I don't really know what all the hype is about. Bored watching this as it's the same again just rehashed. Glad to see the back of the Avengers to be honest."
"23","rjcattermole","24 April 2019","
            4/10
            "," The best Marvel Superhero movie ever and also the epic conclusion to the 21 movies in the MCU
","Avengers: Endgame is above all the best Marvel superhero movie to date. This is also the best and epic conclusion to the 21 movies in the first 10 years of the MCU. This is the epic culmination. The best storytelling ever told."
"24","Herufied","6 August 2019","
            4/10
            "," Pure torture
","I had to take several breaks, walk the dogs, play videogames and clean the house, while watching this absolutely ridiculous and nonsensical pile of rubbish and now afterwards, I'm asking myself why I put myself through such suffering. To what end. I guess I was hoping there would be one scene or at least one line that put a smile on my face or made me feel anything at all except extreme pain and boredom. There wasn't any of that unfortunately, so I just wasted three hours of my life I could have spent on basically anything else and it would have been more worth while. I can't decide which one was more painful to watch, this or Aquaman? Both equally and utterly disappointing I guess."
"25","jtindahouse","6 May 2019","
            10/10
            "," Time travel is such a lazy way to write stories
","Only a month or so back I was talking to a friend about how much I hate it when serious movies use time travel to get their characters out of problems. I have no problem with movies like 'Back to the Future' or 'Hot Tub Time Machine' that are both comedy based and use the time machine as a plot for the movie as opposed to a solution for characters problems. When a serious movie uses it though it as lazy as writing as dream sequence in my opinion.At the end of the day though that just underlines the problem with these movies. The heroes are far too powerful. Whatever power they need they simply possess conveniently. Heck, 'Dr Strange' can even see into the future to know exactly what to do to make sure everything turns out alright. If that isn't the stupidest thing I've ever seen in a movie I don't know what is.I felt like the movie went very much as expected as well. Sure some characters die, however they were pretty much telegraphed to do so long before the movie came out. There also seemed to be a lack of conflict as key moments. A lot of things went far too smoothly for my liking in terms of the plan. Finally, the ending with 'Iron Man' simply pulling the glove off 'Thanos' - what the hell was that? Was that supposed to be clever writing? 'Thanos' just standing there for an eternity doing nothing waiting for someone to stop him?A lot of the jokes failed to land too. This was a surprisingly unfunny movie. In a 3 hour movie I got maybe 3 light chuckles out of the film. Every joke just felt so forced and some of the characters who don't have a comedy background delivered them very poorly. 'Avengers: Endgame' is three hours of my life I would like back."
"26","jtindahouse","6 May 2019","
            10/10
            "," Time travel is such a lazy way to write stories
","Only a month or so back I was talking to a friend about how much I hate it when serious movies use time travel to get their characters out of problems. I have no problem with movies like 'Back to the Future' or 'Hot Tub Time Machine' that are both comedy based and use the time machine as a plot for the movie as opposed to a solution for characters problems. When a serious movie uses it though it as lazy as writing as dream sequence in my opinion.At the end of the day though that just underlines the problem with these movies. The heroes are far too powerful. Whatever power they need they simply possess conveniently. Heck, 'Dr Strange' can even see into the future to know exactly what to do to make sure everything turns out alright. If that isn't the stupidest thing I've ever seen in a movie I don't know what is.I felt like the movie went very much as expected as well. Sure some characters die, however they were pretty much telegraphed to do so long before the movie came out. There also seemed to be a lack of conflict as key moments. A lot of things went far too smoothly for my liking in terms of the plan. Finally, the ending with 'Iron Man' simply pulling the glove off 'Thanos' - what the hell was that? Was that supposed to be clever writing? 'Thanos' just standing there for an eternity doing nothing waiting for someone to stop him?A lot of the jokes failed to land too. This was a surprisingly unfunny movie. In a 3 hour movie I got maybe 3 light chuckles out of the film. Every joke just felt so forced and some of the characters who don't have a comedy background delivered them very poorly. 'Avengers: Endgame' is three hours of my life I would like back."
"27","salirocket","8 May 2019","
            10/10
            "," This boring marvel film is not right for you, the director/writer wants to steal your money for no story.
","Don't trust the highest scores, trust the bad review. It's waste three hours film and bad storyline (not make any sense and confused). I don't understand why people likes it, I didn't cry or laugh but felt sleepy.Here are the few things that I don't like the movie
1. Too many superheroes against baby Thanos.
2. Timeline - That is cheating and all the superheroes stills lose.
3. It's not an action film, it more likes drama/sci-fi film.
4. Natasha (black widow) didn't have to die, she should uses Red skull.
5. Thor and Hulk are lazy and they are no need to be in the film and possibly the other superheroes.
6. What is Rocket doing? Why did he need to travel in time?
7. Ironman didn't have to put the glove on but use the remote control to snap the finger.I can't think of what else to write here but if you want to watch this, it's better to wait for rental dvd/digital to save your money."
"28","sophiakjaer","10 March 2022","
            10/10
            "," AMAZING
","THE STORY IS VERY WELL BUILT
THE CHEMISTRY OF THE CHARACTERS IS GREATCGI IS GOODTHE PERFORMANCE IS GOODIT WAS A GREAT LAST CHAPTER AFTER THIS FILMuDIDN'T WATCH ANYTHING ABOUT MARVEL BECAUSE NOW IT JUST MAKES GARBAGE."
"29","sabujsheikhsb","23 April 2023","
            10/10
            "," Avengers: Endgame is simply the most marvelous superhero film ever made.
","Avengers: Endgame is simply the most marvelous superhero film ever made. This epic cinematic masterpiece from the Marvel Studios is undoubtedly the greatest achievement in the entire Marvel Cinematic Universe. Directed by the Russo brothers, this movie is the culmination of more than a decade of storytelling that is both thrilling and emotional. The excellent cast, including Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, and Scarlett Johansson, gives an outstanding performance, ensuring that the emotional core of this film is as strong as its action sequences. The film's pacing is perfect, and the storyline is outstanding, with engaging and thrilling twists and turns that will leave you on the edge of your seat throughout its runtime. The visual effects are also exceptional, with outstanding action sequences that are both intense and awe-inspiring. In conclusion, Avengers: Endgame is an epic and satisfying conclusion to the Marvel Cinematic Universe that is deserving of its spot as the highest-grossing film of all time. A perfect 10/10 rating is without a doubt, given to this phenomenal film."
"30","layanalshehriii","20 May 2019","
            9/10
            "," J
","It was perfect i had so much fun while watching the movie it's been 3 hours but we didn't feel, every one in the cinema cried and laughed, and I liked how when tony stark is dead there wasn't a drama and his wife when she tells him (everything will be okay) and the sceine after tony stark died when he said ""i love 3000""
(EVERYTHING WAS PERFECT)"
"31","comicnerd-22808","9 January 2020","
            6/10
            "," The End of a Saga, and the Beginning for Another
","Avengers: Endgame is quite possibly the most hyped up movie of all time. The excitement surrounding this films release is a dream come true for Marvel Studios and Disney. With that being said, I have looked forward to this film since it was called Infinity War Part 2 back in 2015 or so. I really enjoyed my time watching this and it marked the end of an era. I finally realized a couple years ago how much the MCU means to me and how much these characters mean to me that I gladly would accept anything this movie did.The CGI was good, but the green screen showed a little bit (meaning the backgrounds looked fake sometimes), the performances from Robert Downey Jr. and Chris Evans were great because they treated this movie seriously, the cameos in here felt welcomed and the amount of locations in this movie really make it feel like the Avengers are desperate to go anywhere and do anything to save their fallen friends. With all this being said this is a very well made movie worth your time and money."
"32","ferdmalenfant","2 August 2019","
            9/10
            "," Just terrible!
","They've really scrapped the bottom with this one! Oh so Bad!"
"33","Snowraven69","2 September 2019","
            6/10
            "," Really disappointed...
","The dumbing down of Hulk and ruining his character by turning him into an utter wimp, turning Thor into a bumbling drunkard, really? Well done Disney on ruining yet another couple of hero's characters (See Luke Skywalker and Yoda in Disney's Last Jedi for extra confirmation of this) That's all I've got to say about this movie."
"34","randomStuff101","22 August 2019","
            4/10
            "," slighty awkward or boring at times, slow dialog, some cool stuff
","Unfortunately clumsy. I enjoyed all previous Avengers, and a few scenes in this are very cool and funny, but this one lowers the bar overall. For me the story petered out instead of maintained momentum from previous movies. The dialogue struggles to be interesting, boring sequences at time.Clumsy Avengers fit awkwardly together for group photo, like bad high school reunion. That said, I enjoy Avengers like everyone else for years, just not this one so much.The super-power woman, Capt Marvel, her powers are overdone. Too simplistic, too much power. No reason for her to lose any fight.Was a big collective of all heroes even necessary? Sort of not really.Some scenes linger way too long, drawing out already thin content. And where was Dr Strange? He hardly had anything to say, and very brief appearance, yet he was in possession of crucial aspect of story."
"35","ravi2445","12 May 2019","
            10/10
            "," Very disappointing
","Right in the beginning, you know how the movie is going to end...the good guys are going to win. How anti-climactic that was.. The stage is not set right (half of all humanity is gone, but the enormity of that is not explored...)...when you have Thanos give his explanation as to why he did what he did, I found myself thinking - well, he actually has a point.
In the meanwhile, every single superhero is given time to fight, say some cute things, some say a few smart things, a few even manage to say profoundly philosophical statements...
The quantum physics explanations used to explain how things are done, are plainly non sense... ..they just made stuff up as they went on.
Alls well that ends well. Except we spent 3 hours to find that out."
"36","sebastianjohnayres","4 May 2019","
            8/10
            "," Worst Marvel Yet!!
","Honestly felt like a completely different film from Avengers Infinity War. In fact the film had such a different tone from all the Marvel films before.The characters changed, the story line was poor. Incredibly disappointing end to phase three"
"37","majoreasy","30 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," Good but a mess in the story department...
","A nice production for those only interested in action sequences but not so great for those wanting closure of the Marvel story line...The best part of the film is that it brings together all previous Marvel movies to drive the plot... And the worst part of the film is it brings together all previous marvel movies to drive the plot... because it seems the production team don't really know the stories that ran before...
Anyone who follows the stories (from the movies, not the comic) will know there are much easier time points to collect each of the stones... The drama created by making this 'collection plan' much more difficult than it needed to be, added at least an unnecessary hour to the movie...Other plot points that didn't sit well with me and reduced the enjoyment of the movie, are...1) Thanos 'killed' 50% of the ""good guys"" and he's hailed as a super villain... Tony 'killed' 100% of the bad guys and he's a hero? Don't heroes learn from their own pain and sufferings and on principal refuse to inflict the same misery on others?Surely, other than Thanos and a few of his more loyal subjects, the rest are simply following orders...
(On another tangent, Thanos seems to really believe in his cause because after he killed off half the universe, including his people I believe, he lived alone and not with an army of servants and subjects for him to rule as a king... That's honourable...)2) they didn't reverse time... Just brought everyone back with a 5 year time gap... People should not behave normally when loved ones they haven't been with for 5 years suddenly reappear... Those who have survived those 5 years didn't get their memories and aging removed, right?3) how did Thanos and his gang all time travel while the avengers are so calculative about one person 2 trips?A 30 second segment showing Thanos instructing his people to mass produce the Pym solution for time travel would have closed this plot hole.4) always disliked Captain Marvel because she is so powerful that no other super heros need to exist...
And still... She is so concerned about other worlds that she couldn't be bothered to be present for the start of the biggest battle her home planet is about to face... when every known superhero showed up at the right time and right place...And later, the battle actually showed she's not all that great... So her weakness is she sweats the small stuff, can't see the big picture and not available/functional when needed?4) If they can bring back Gamora, why can't they find a timeline to bring back Natasha and even Tony? Superheros really don't like to plan and think things through... (Same as when they don't seek the easiest points to retrieve the stones... With zero time pressure for planning...)5) speaking of Gamora, the Gamora who came with Thanos don't know the guardian crew at all... so even though she's not 'evil' like the old Nabula, she wouldn't be friendly like she knows they are the 'good guys'...
Based on the time line, she doesn't even know Quill yet... So she should view him and them as the enemy in the battle...6) Nabula... If she killed her historic self, shouldn't she just drop dead in the new timeline?
Grandfather paradox anyone?7) what's with that special scene where all the women heroes joined together to show their power?
To me, that's totally sexist...Speaking for myself, I enjoy male and female superheros for their individual powers and weaknesses... Once a person reaches superhero status, in my mind, they crease to represent a gender (other than those gender/age stereotypes to generate laughs and endearment...)Having al female scene shows me that the production team are so hung up on being politically correct that they generate a reverse sexist scene to feel they are all inclusive... Sigh...
These same people want a female James Bond / Indiana Jones but not a male Mary Poppins / Eliza Doolittle... And they think the rest of the world is sexist...
The self proclaimed tolerant and inclusive are starting to paint themselves into a corner...8) while it's nice to see Bruce and the Hulk getting along...an unangry Hulk takes away what makes the Hulk a character...Remember these famous words? ""You wouldn't like me when I'm angry""... that's gone now... Sigh...9) speaking of which... Why on earth would the Hulk go into battle in an amour suit? Surely that was made for Bruce when the Hulk refused to come out to play?How would the Hulk fit inside and why would he need it? That's taking power away from the Hulk and it pissed me off...10) if the Ancient One knows and sees all possibilities... Even knowing when Dr Strange will show up... How did she not see the Hulk coming to ask for the stone?11) Loki's escape with the tesseract surely would have spun an alternate time line... Since there is only ONE tesseract... Then much of the previous stories wouldn't really make sense if Loki had it almost immediately after he lost it ...12) Captain America basically anointed the Falcon to be the next Capt? *Roll eyes*...I think the Falcon already has a lot going and Bucky should be a better successor...
In any case, we won't see Thor succeed the iron Man suit because he doesn't really need the extra edge...
Bucky is a super soldier in the same vein as the Capt. And should have been his first choice for a successor...13) did Captain America just ignore world events for the last century while he hid with Peggy? (& what did he do after she died... Surely she can't live as long as he... Wouldn't he simply come back to the 'present' having enjoyed a full and loving life, and not yet as old as he became?) ... The Production team might wish to rewatch Highlander...ðŸ˜‹He never got the itch to help the 'current' Captain America fight injustice? He resisted the urge to pass on information that might help the avengers as he had lived through all the events before? (I know, I know... Can't/shouldn't change history... But how could he resist, for someone like him who loves to lecture and lead?)14) the biggest plot hole of all and the one that buried the movie for me... is...The Thanos that was in the battle came from before the previous movie right? (Infinity war)...If Tony Stark kills Thanos in this movie... That means none of the previous movie plot could have happened... Nobody was ""killed off"" (not even Loki...)... Nobody lost/gained 5 years of their lives... Thor didn't need to get fat, none of this movie should even get started...That's the devil when idiot film makers dabble with time travel in a non-time-travel movie... Adding this means they can't take care of the details properly...The above are just the main plot annoyances... And there and many other smaller ones which prevented a truly epic movie experience...3 hours is a long movie and much of it unnecessary if they tightened the plot to make more sense...So, while the movie is good...I wouldn't selectively watch it again... Which to me is the benchmark of a great movie.I'm torn in giving a rating... I want to give 7 based on the scale of the production and emotional ties it has on me from all the previous Marvel movies...But the constant I'm jolted with throughout the film killed much of my buzz and for that I want to give it a 2... Sto be fair... it'll get a 4 overall to balance both sides..."
"38","kaintrust","4 May 2019","
            8/10
            "," 2.5 hours of dramas and flashbacks torture with 30 min of action
","Nowadays it is like a crime to say bad things against Marvel movies but someone has to tell the truth
This movie is extremely over-hyped. The first 2 hours there was almost no action, it was unnecessary endless dialogs, flashbacks and seconds chances.
When we thought we gonna see some action, it took 30 min only. And then back to aftermath dramas again.
I like dramas and deep stories in the movies but we already know these characters stories. why to over-extend that much?
Acting was empty and going nowhere, CGI was almost none since there was a limited action.
If it was up to me i would wait for torrents buy my gf wanted to see so much and in the end she also got disappointed."
"39","jamiepick-16042","25 March 2021","
            10/10
            "," Overrated.
","The Most Overrated Movie Of All Time. (Will Always be the Most Overrated and most Forgettable Movie Of all Time.)"
"40","moneypennycharley","26 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," Avengers: Contradictiongame
","Personally I found it mediocre at best. Too many contradictions to count. So thors hammer DOES grant him the power of lightning? I know Odin tells thor that it doesn't give him those powers but only helps him channel them, so what, cap has had that ability the whole time but saved it or never knew till now? And what's with the whole changing the past doesnt change the future? How does anything they do then accomplish anything. And why does nebulas eye thing just conveniently decide to play the most incriminating thing possible, when it could play anything in reality. I'm glad at least that the 1 dimensional captain marvel was not present most of the film, that at least was a plus. And further more, why was tony seemingly un injured from the stones, yet died? Is he a god and we never knew? Half god quil was nearly turned to ash from just one in seconds, tony used them all. I just dont how they ended up deciding to go down some of these paths. It's like they never saw any of the past movies. And hulk?bruce? Beta Hulk? What ever he is, he managed to find a way to be more useless than in the last film. Seriously what did he even do other than the first fix snap? Why not let thor do it, I think he could take the power of it if he can handle the full force of a stars radiation in the vaccum of space. And then cap just stays in the past like an a hole and watched all this horrible stuff unfold? How did any of the events that led up to it happen then with out him? They never needed him at all? And if you cant change the past, then how does he stay and literally change the past by being in it? Too many self creating paradoxes that they basically tell you to screw yourself if you start asking ""wait but why....?"" All in all, I think what we experienced here is they peaked with infinity war, and cant make something as good. I mean cmon, thanos had the personality of a lobster in this film. It felt like we were dealing with an unknown enemy, yet we do know him.... and Gamora died in infinity war yet never comes back? Why? Because it was the soul stone thst she died for? Then arent you changing the past by removing that Gamora from the time line? And why is Thor like a broken sexual assault victim, hes the GOD of thunder for crying out loud. and why does Thanos' most impractical weapon ever, his double sided sword thing, just absolutely demolish cap's shield? Did Tony give him a fake lol? And we get to see Loki grab the tesseract and vanish, and we never see the follow up to that? What a loss of a good plot line, follow lokito find it and enlist his help against thanos. HOW DOESNT IT CHANGE ANYTHING?!?!?! Seriously it just seems like lazy writing on their end more than anything else. Like someone got half this plot and someone pointed out, hey changing the past changes the future you know, so they were like ahh crap that's right, well, just have beta hulk give some science nonsense spiel about it and that should clear things up. And if taking past gemora to the future to replace the one they lost works fine..... why doesnt anyone go grab the Tony from before he left to get the stones? If changing the past doesnt change the future, how does it stop him from sacrificing himself? Same goes for black widow. The final battle seen wasnt that great either, I like my fair share of female super heroes but just the whole girl squad assemble thing was a little too much, like they all conveniently ended up in the same place at the same time, cmon we all know you just wanted you PC plug, you guys are more creative than that, that was just desperate and laughable. I'm a big fan of marvel movies, and to be fair this one had the most to live up to, but I still feel like they didnt do it justice. Perhaps they shouldve taken more time between films. Oh well. If the spider man movie is no good as well, I think I'll be parting ways with marvel films."
"41","eandros-77451","26 April 2019","
            6/10
            "," Epic Ending
","Thank you Marvel, End Game is an ending that give me speechless."
"42","james-84287","30 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," Huge fan left underwhelmed!!!
","I went in with the highest expectations and came out underwhelmed and disappointed. its nowhere near as good as infinity war !!!"
"43","asassandroo","26 April 2019","
            6/10
            "," Best End of an era
","You can not imagine how this movie is going to be good unless you watch it first. It had everything that a movie should have. The visuals and the sounds. However, the Drama factor has played it well this time as in Avengers infinity war.
First it gets you back when Thanos erased 50% of the creatures in the universe. It starts with Barton and his family's being erased ( Clint Barton was not in Infinity war). And then it goes to the story where is Tony stark is stuck in the space with Nebula. And he doesn't know anything about what happened to the earth and if his friends and lovers are still alive. Here when Captain Marvel appears to be the savior and gets him and Nebula safe to the earth.The members of the team that still alive wants to have the infinity stones again to make everything as normal as it was by killing Thanos and get the stones out of his hand. Nebula and Captain Marvel help to find Thanos' spot as it's been not found after he erased the half of the creatures in the universe. They go to where he settles. But before that you can see thanos is really affected with burns over all his body. He goes to his hut and there is a light coming at him with any warning and hits him and Captain Marvel tries to grap him and stable him. The other team are making to get his glove and they do when Thor cuts his hand. Sadly the glove is empty and there was no stones on it. Thanos said that he use the stones to destroy the stones and that is why he gets affected by it which made him inevitable. Thor cuts thanos' head. And the end of the scene where rocket said why did you do that and thor says i went for the head.After 5 years when everyone leaves and having no hope to get everything back. Scott lang (Ant-Man) gets out of the quantum world and get back to the earth after 5 years. He thinks that it is just 5 hours no more. He has no idea what is going on and hardly trying to figure it out. He still has hope for the Avengers to comeback even stronger with his idea of time traveling through the quantum leap that Doc Hank has made.
He successfully made it where everyone accept his theory. They just got the chance to travel the past and get the stones again and use it for the good to the world where eventually they have, but with Thanos' knowning of what is happening. And he tries to make that not to happen by sending The first Nebula to the future and take the stones. Here is a spoiler when Clint and Nat went to get the saul stone they have to sacrifice one of them to get it, it's a dramatic scene when Natasha sacrifices herself for her only family and that's her last wishes.Eventually, they try to use the stones but still there is no one are capable of using it. thor said he is going to do it but he wasn't in a good shape as Tony Stark said. Bruce Banner takes it and puts it in his hand and try to make a flick but he falls down because of the power of the stones. On the other side, Nebula opens the Quantum gap to thanos and his army. Where here the endgame war starts. Acknowledging that everything gets back and everyone is alive again because of The Hulk's flick. The war starts and everyone is back. Thanos vs the avengers. Captain America can lift thor's hammer which is a great scene btw. I don't want to spoil what has happened in this battle. But at last Tony stark take the glove that he made and wears it and flick his finger to erase thanos and his army. And says i... i'm ... iron man and fell down. Where everyone is surrounded him with tears. He peacefully closed his eyes and pepper says you finally can rest now after 10 years of glory and honor.It is a great movie and great ending for Iron Man and the last movie of MUC."
"44","marcusnichols","27 April 2019","
            2/10
            "," Really Marvel??? Poor Poor Movie To End On!!
","I don't know where to start!!
Plot holes all the way through,
Two of the strongest Avengers might as well have not bothered! Thor and Hulk are rubbish in this movie. Danvers? Forget it. Saved tony smashed a ship, but Thanos can still throw her about?? So we travelled through the quantum realm, but had the time stone early..... why not use that? The Mjolnir and Caps Shield change of ownership just annoyed me. But my biggest Disappointment was how they didn't use Thor or Hulk. Hulk has been sold out massively in the MCU and it sucks. I could go on all day. The more I think about it, the less I like it. That's me done with Marvel now. RIP Stan Lee."
"45","hypercube001","28 July 2019","
            10/10
            "," The end that never comes.
","Watching Avengers Endgame started as a nice story that soon became boring and predictable. The problem is that it's supposed to end an era, to be a big moment before the curtain fall, but instead tries to pave the way for Marvell phase 4. There were some interesting moments, some funny moments that really made me smile, but at the end it all fell flat. Flat as a rug. They tried to cram each and everyone in the movie, but in my opinion it feels fake, like parading with fake cardboard masks. The CGI-fest soon became boring...except for the de-aging of Michael Douglas, that was 100% uncanny valley material. I was watching it feeling nothing, feeling dead inside. Then the woke trend rear its ugly head. Anyway, it's safe to say that I'll avoid Marvel in the future. The Endgame should stay the endgame. It's time to move on."
"46","miniminnie-23063","25 September 2021","
            10/10
            "," Epic movie
","As always avengers didn't disappoint even with a few loops or inconsistencies. Hope marvel does more movies about some characters from avengers."
"47","recycledmediaz","14 June 2019","
            10/10
            "," You're joking right?
","This movie was a terrible mess from start to finish."
"48","kokorikos","4 May 2019","
            10/10
            "," time travel? ideal for plot holes!
","Time travel destroys any film...time travel doesnt exist in the physical world..its an invention of writers and authors to close plot holes and impress audiances...so, any film or book containing time travel, IS A MESS! so, i dont see any reason to grade this movie more than 2 stars...cgi, fights, ok , but a real good movie, must have a believable story! for me, sorry it didnt work...
question...why thor and hulk had to be humiliated so much in this movie ? why toni stark had to die? to offer the framatic essence to the story?is this the end of marvel heroes?"
"49","Lovekrafft","3 August 2019","
            10/10
            "," Oozes woke
","One just gets the sense that this movie took a subtle yet noticeable shift away from what captured many people's hearts in the earlier MCU movies.The actors give off the feeling of being forced to portray a role that used to be natural fits in order to impose various woke messages. There are so many but they come at a rate of every couple of minutes, ranging from blatant grrl power, to emasculation and so on. Muddling along.Aside from the odd action scenes, this movie could pass as a drama."
"50","MAYESY-44","26 May 2020","
            9/10
            "," Decent enough end
","I thought the first hour and a half was a little slow but is needed for the story and the second hour and a half is some of the best cinema you will see. Some of the best spine tingling moments, including captain America With Thor's hammer, the moment Black Panther and others come back and when all the woman of the universe team up for a moment with Thanos. Also as Captain America is my favourite superhero the ending of his character was really fitting."
"51","shiz-174-875258","4 May 2019","
            7/10
            "," Not sure what the hype was about?
","Probably one of the worst Avengers movie to date. The plot was extremely childish and did not make sense. Completely went astray from the plot described in the comics. Very disappointed..."
"52","pobodysnerfect-90918","3 November 2019","
            10/10
            "," Most amazing movie EVER!
","Don't listen to the haters, it's amazing! Seriously, this is the movie of the year!"
"53","Beyondtherain","21 March 2021","
            6/10
            "," On my 10th rewatch, it's not that great after all...Lazy.
","Not a good film. Took me a few watches to realize."
"54","maurodc","17 May 2019","
            5/10
            "," Whatever it takes...
","Hello again everyone! It's been almost a month since thousands of Marvel fans (including myself) got to see the one and only Endgame for the very first time, without having a clue of what could possibly happen. And as with most of the people who already watched it...there are no words to describe how this amazingly crafted piece of superhero movie-making just...blew me away.I will start by giving its credit to the acting work of everyone. When we appreciate that, we can see that this isn't just another sci-fi flick where no one does exactly a great effort to make a remarkable performance. No. This is a movie that presents us a group of heroes that, after long years of saving the earth from any menace, are giving the last of themselves in order to give the planet one last shot. The performances made it all seem authentic and real.Now, the story. God. The story is many things. Sometimes it's funny, as any other of the previous movies from the MCU. But also it's deep, melancholic, tragic, and most of all, undeniably exciting.10/10. Probably most of the people that will read this had already watched it. But in case you haven't, you really, REALLY ought to do so. Probably during quite a few years, there will be no other film of the genre that can possibly make you feel all of the emotions that Avengers Endgame made the audiences feel, and made me feel. Don't miss it for anythingPeace!"
"55","ivanmessimilos","14 November 2021","
            10/10
            "," Amazing finale
","It's definitely not as strong an impression as it was on first viewing, which makes perfect sense, but I still think the film was extremely successful on multiple levels. One of the better things is that the three-hour film is not boring at any point, it seemed to me to last ""only"" two hours, which is not easy to achieve. I also look at this film as the finale or the last episode of a series you've been watching for years, which on the one hand is actually true. So much has happened before this film, so many characters and events. This film is just the crown of it all, one big rounded whole. It is obvious that the Russo brothers had a plan because it is obvious that they paid attention to details and some smaller moments that real fans will easily recognize. Of course I have some objections that are related to certain characters and some scenes, but given the type of film and how much the film offers, I can just get over it and forget about it. I think this Marvel project is unrepeatable and it's something we should appreciate no matter what you think of movies like this."
"56","tkkristensen","24 April 2019","
            8/10
            "," Infinity war is head and shoulders above Endgame
","Endgame is a good movie, but not a great one.Is it a fitting end for the 20+ movies, hell yes, but still itÂ´s falls short in way too many areas.The plot is what all thought it would be about, with some small twists, but the first 1,5 maybe 2 hours could have been much shorter.When things start to pick up, and we get the epic show down... well... ItÂ´s one big LET DOWN :(Again itÂ´s a good movie, but great.... no way.
ItÂ´s really a disappointing ending to so many great Marvel movies, as the big battle is over and done before it even starts.Maybe I had too high expectations, and many will disagree, but damn im bummed out about the ending."
"57","mehran_kheiri","29 April 2019","
            8/10
            "," EVEN MY MOM LIKED IT!!
","My mom is very critical about movies she's not interested in most of them unless if one her favorite so called 'good looking' actors are in the film.
""I really really liked the movie, at first I thought 'oh god when is it gonna end so I can go to sleep' but I loved the movie and it was better than the previous one that you made me watch"" is the exact thing she told me so as you can see she's not a geeky die hard Avengers fan and we watched it at 1a.m. by the way and she really loves her sleep and the previous movie she was talking about was Infinity War."
"58","theroo200182","26 April 2019","
            8/10
            "," Amazing, but the more I dwell on it the worse it becomes
","I have to say, my first reaction walking out of the cinema was that it was great. Probably an 8/10. You know there's so much fan service in this movie and I particularly loved the ""I can do this all day"" CA line from one CA to another. It was almost Toy Story 2, enlightened Buzz to naive Buzz banter.I loved Clever Hulk, found Thor hilarious, though a bit annoying at times, and loved the references to past movies. Cap swinging Mjollnir around was beautiful.The deaths in this movie were also pretty surprising but I agree with some of the more balanced reviews in here that it was bizarre that so much time was spent on Hawkeye - does anyone really care about him? Not really.Killing off Black Widow was a surprising touch, but I, like many others, probably felt more of an emotional reaction to Banner's relationship with her and not Hawkeye (because no one actually cares about him). Renner, as an actor, just doesn't cut it much, unfortunately.The real problem with End Game, is the time travel. I don't know why any movie franchise would ever want to deal with time travel knowing how much grief it creates. Sure they try to explain everything with their hilarious conversation about movies, but in the end, there are just too many questions left at the end of the day, particularly when they already try to explain it through the Ancient One.The most glaring one of these is, if they change the past, they're changing another timeline, so how selfish is that? If Tony Stark snaps his fingers and kills Thanos, what happens to that original timeline? If he sent Thanos and everyone back, how does he magically know not to send Gamora back who is now stuck in 2023 - and so does that mean 2014 Quill never meets Gamora?!? What the hell? Essentially erasing the entire 2014 GOTG franchise in that universe. If Captain America goes back in time, he will inevitably change history in some way or another, so that is another timeline, right? So while everyone else's timeline is meant to stay the same in the present (as said by Stark) how does Cap end up sitting by the same lake as everyone else.There are also way too many questions about new timelines created - but perhaps that is intentional, such as the Loki TV show. But this is why I hate it when they bring time travel into any movie and just add stuff to it to make it wrap up nicely in their own universe.Also, don't get me started on how impossibly strong Thanos suddenly is without an infinity gauntlet? Even WITH the IG he couldn't stop Thor's Stormbringer, but now without the IG can easily defeat Thor with Stormbringer AND Mjollnir, Iron Man and Cap??? How convenient.I also think Marvel made a serious mistake creating Captain Marvel, how is she brought in as a convenient deus ex machina and yet doesn't really stick around to show off all her abilities, and she can't even defeat Thanos single handedly? Pfft. That was rich. She can barely prevent Thanos from snapping his fingers, yet in Infinity War, Cap was able to actually hold off his hand too? Bizarre parallels.So okay, sure, it was enjoyable to watch, but I just feel that there are too many plot inconsistencies creeping into End Game. There should have been better ways to get the infinity stones back, and I think someone stupid just thought time travel was the best way to do it,."
"59","BenzoEnzoMk2","31 August 2019","
            9/10
            "," Marvel Mania is Over
","99% talking & a rushed battle at the end.They used 99% old movie footage to market this movie & everyone fell for it, me included.The only reason it made so much money was because people expected them to elevate above Infinity War, which was a great 1st part."
"60","kricul","1 May 2019","
            10/10
            "," Worst Marvel movie in long time. Boring, boring,,snooze fest
","Wow! What a POS movie...So much talking. So much crying.. So much boring no action garbage. These high scores must be paid off. Don't believe the reviews. Stopped watching in one hour..and yes that first hour was painful. I can't imagine fighting thru another two hours. What a shocker. A three hour movie that stinks. Who's idea is it to make movies three hours?!?! Most of them are garbage.Skip this at all costs"
"61","dummykenmen","28 April 2019","
            7/10
            "," No Justice for this Film
","I loved how the story of the Infinity War was conceived. With all the fight scenes and the emotional aspect of the movie, especially the end part, everything was superb. But this is supposed to be a wrap-up film. The directors and writers just destroyed it all. What's the point of doing a hype over Captain Marvel for this movie when you just give her a few minutes of screen time? It would be forgiven if you give her an amazing fight with the villain during the climax. But what have you done? With just a few kicks and punches and that's it. It doesn't give a scratch over Thano's face. What a crap!!!You also ruin Hulk! He is supposed to be the strongest Avenger after the events of Infinity War, after all the disappointment and frustration he has experienced when Hulk won't face Thanos. But this time, he's just as good as nothing Avenger. I wonder why they did not give Thanos and Hulk a fight of a lifetime. I'm really surprised that they did not even get face-to-face when all hell breaks loose.This movie is dubbed as an action movie but got 75% of the time talking and mumbling.There's no justice at all to those beloved characters and this movie. You have ruined my expectations."
"62","chera_khalid","27 September 2023","
            10/10
            "," Amazing, dont blame fans when they say marvel is not marvel after Endgame
","""Avengers: Endgame"" soars into the cinematic stratosphere with an 8/10 rating, and I absolutely loved it. The film is a monumental achievement in storytelling and blockbuster filmmaking. The acting from the ensemble cast, including Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, and Scarlett Johansson, is top-notch, delivering emotional and powerful performances. The film's editing expertly weaves together multiple storylines and character arcs, making its three-hour runtime feel like a sprint. The strength of ""Endgame"" lies in its ability to deliver a satisfying conclusion to over a decade of storytelling while still introducing thrilling new elements. The weakness? Well, it might be a bit overwhelming for those not well-versed in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. The music enhances every epic moment, and the cinematography captures both the grandeur of the battles and the intimacy of the character interactions. Above all, ""Endgame"" carries a profound message about sacrifice, resilience, and the enduring power of hope. This is superhero cinema at its absolute finest."
"63","Susisgud","5 May 2019","
            6/10
            "," Great ending but not as good as infinity war overall
","It's a long film at 3 hours the last one being better because this concludes the 10 year story in at great and satisfying way. The first 2 hours are build up that is ultimately paid off but I felt the middle dragged on I just wanted to get to the end. Infinity war kept me interested the whole time, more than endgame. It's definitely worth the whatch and after you don't have to worry about spoilers.8/10."
"64","Hama-","9 February 2020","
            2/10
            "," Just 2 Word
","This Is Not A Movie,Not Cinema, This Is A Theme Park"
"65","aarongnr","24 April 2019","
            8/10
            "," If it wouldnt be SO ridiculous at some points...
","It wouldve been easily the most epic comic book movie ever. (It still is for many parts)Not gonna go into huge spoilers for this one, just gonna say that the story was brilliant. It was SO well executed.What really annoyed me about this movie were 3 things:
1) Thor being a complete laugh
2) Fortnite (seriously Marvel? thats just sad)
3) Cap being able to wield Thors hammer all of a sudden for no reason at all. (Time travel makes it reconsider whos worthy it seems?)oh and 4 - 14000000) Fortnitehave a good one"
"66","P97","2 May 2019","
            10/10
            "," awe inspiring
","It's every marvel fans dream come to reality, people can nip pick the time travel but that's not really a flaw because they done it right by giving the fans what they want, the movie has lot of fan services but it never hurts the plot it actually helps it and it shows how much the russo brothers cared about this universe, by time the movie ends you feel like a life time has past, the end of an era."
"67","The_Film_Auditor","29 April 2019","
            8/10
            "," Not an MCU fan, but really enjoyed this
","No spoilers!!Being a sceptic of Marvel movies for a long time, I had low expectations going into Endgame. I didn't love Infinity War, but I wanted to see this film opening weekend to avoid spoilers and see how the 10-year culmination of the MCU concluded. Well, I was pleasantly surprised with the film. It's not without its issues, but Endgame felt like one of the most unique and captivating Marvel films to date. I was very surprised at how easily I was engaged throughout the 3-hour runtime. The film breaks down into three parts, each part having its pros and cons. Personally, I thought the first act was the weakest and overstayed its welcome. Despite that, there were still some interesting parts that helped flesh out the aftermath of Infinity War. The second and third act felt very original and had many surprising moments that kept me guessing what would happen next. However, there were parts that felt VERY fan servicey. Of course, some of the fan service was fine, but at other points it felt like a little much.One of the great things about this movie was that it broke from the simple MCU formula. It has a much different story than any of the other MCU films and utilizes much different plot mechanisms to make it feel more original. The emotional range of the film was another thing that felt different to me compared to many other MCU films. I thought the humor in this film was handled much better, causing me to laugh multiple times. Not only was the film funny at points, but it also had some sad, depressing, exciting, and thrilling sequences. This film, unlike some other MCU films, was able to have some very serious moments and did not have to cut the emotional tension by inserting a cheesy one-liner.Despite it being a much more original and emotionally driven film compared to other MCU films, it did have some shortcomings. I think that some of the fan service took me out of the film because it felt either overdramatic or forced. There were times were I caught myself rolling my eyes at how overdramatic or socially 'woke' the movie was being. One scene in particular felt like a blatant advertisement in the middle of the film, which was jarring and cringe worthy. There were also many moments of the film that could have been explained to help bring more tension, but instead were brushed over in order to fit everything into a reasonably lengthed film. I think there were parts that should have been cut or shorted and other parts that should have been extended. Lastly, I thought that Thanos was misused in this film. I was excited to see his role in this film but was left disappointed by his role as the villain.As someone who wouldn't consider themselves a Marvel fan, I had fun watching this movie regardless of it having some issues. I would definitely recommend it if you have been following the MCU at all recently, but I probably don't need to do that because everyone and there mother is going to see this. Overall, I thought it was enjoyable and quite possibly my favorite Marvel film.P.S. It feels satisfying to have this chapter of superhero movies come to a close. I hope that it will make way for more innovative and interesting films, whether they are superhero related or not."
"68","rockman182","26 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," Avengers: Endgame (2019)
","The Marvel Cinematic Universe comes to a point where a film feels like an actual event. We have been waiting in anticipation for a year to see the final showdown that started in Infinity War. Actually, scratch that. The entire Infinity Saga started way back with Iron Man. 22 films, countless number of heroes coming together in the culminating battle against Thanos. So much anticipation, ticketing app crashes, and going through so much to try to see this on opening night. Now here we are. Does Avengers: Endgame live up to its high expectations? Absolutely. I felt like it was unique and carries the most emotional weight off anything in this universe but it absolutely serves its fans who have been loyal for years and years.The film takes place three weeks after the end of Infinity War. Half of the worlds population have been wiped out by Thanos and now the remaining Avengers (who just so happen to consist summarily of the original Avengers) must find a way to not only defeat Thanos, but also avenge the fallen and find a way to counteract the actions that occurred at the end of Infinity War. As expected the film stars a gigantic cast of Hollywood's best and watch out for the cameos from heroes who have appeared previously in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.I really would like to talk about this film in a spoiler review but as with every review on my site, there will be no spoilers. I will say that this film has a unique take almost immediately. The humor and banter is still there as it always is and the character arcs are as fantastic as ever at its near completion. The film carries the most emotional weight as anything this universe has seen. The film has so much fan service. I think if you go early on and with a packed crowd of fans you will see just how much this means to the audience who have stayed loyal to this saga.There were laughs, there were cheers, there were gasps, and yes there were tears. The film feels like it should be the very last that the MCU has to offer but of course we know there are Spider-Man and Black Panther sequels coming. The final battle brings just about everything you could hope for. If you're a fan of the series I think you will enjoy this film as it makes a case of being the best Avengers film. It goes hand in hand with Infinity War, of course both films were shot together.Members of the original Avengers put on performances that do their characters the utmost justice after being on this journey for a decade. The film builds up quite slowly but once the plot takes form and the battle lines are drawn it delivers in the way the Russo brothers know how to. Th action is there, and all of what makes the Marvel Universe such a sweeping phenomenon is always there. Some characters could get more screen time, sure. You have to remember that there are so many characters that the film has to juggle and it does that admirably as it is.The film will be a box office hit for sure and will be well reviewed in regards to the Universe as I can already see. I will be seeing this again tomorrow morning and have the same excitement going into a second viewing as I did my first. I found this to be a very special entry and feel like it ties up so much in such a perfect fashion. If you are a fan of superhero fans you need to see this as soon as possible and should do..Whatever it takes.9/10"
"69","dnbaeb","28 April 2019","
            8/10
            "," Not sure how to feel...
","I liked the movie, but I agree with some of the other reviewers, it was very much hyped up, but I feel like someone let the air out of my balloon while I wasn't looking.First off, love Iron Man. Was really surprised that he is one of the Avengers that is sacrificed at the end. Is he really gone? Not sure...kinda thinking he did some mastermind stuff to live on in some capacity.And then they take Cap away. An old man now...(sheesh). I do understand that Chris didn't want to play this role anymore. It's been 8 years, but hey, I could have taken a few more. And in the comics, the mantle goes to Bucky to continue as Captain America. Well right now, Bucky is just hanging out to dry (as he has been lately).And although I see that they tried to throw some humor in there, why in the world did they make Thor a drunk and fat. Really????And why did they even put Danvers in there for? OK...she found Iron Man and brought him home and then destroys Thanos' ship only. I thought she was supposed to save the day. All the hoopla with building her up in Captain Marvel (which don't get me started as to how much of that movie didn't mesh with the comics).I don't know, but the whole fighting scene was a bit much. Some things just didn't make much sense. Why is Thanos so strong all of a sudden (with no stones)?And I just don't think that certain Avengers got their fair share of screen time and some received too much.And finally, there were just holes all over the place. I'm not sure where the MCU goes from here, but I'm here for it (that's for sure)."
"70","Frankaub-1","2 July 2019","
            9/10
            "," Good special effect... and that's it
","If you go see this movie, go see it in an IMAX 3D or something like that because 3 hours is too long for this movie.The story is really bad I van understand that they don't want to repeat the same story in the comic book but the reason why Thanos choose to wipeout half the population is just stupid and what he do after that? Yeah he destroy the stone and retire. What a great villain...So our super hero go take care of Thanos easily and then nothing for a very long period of time. For a Marvel movie their is not much action and for an intelligent, deep or funny movie that's not a bad thing but for a movie like this it's just boring. I guess they think that since their is a lot of action at the end that we will forget the middle.They other thing that really bother's me is how important it seem to show how strong women are. The power of women yeah... Men are lazy, dumb and useless like thor in this movie and women are strong and save the day like Captain Marvel, Valkyrie, Gamora etc.Marvel's writers must understand that Easter eggs, some action at the end of the film and showing the power of feminity do not make up for a bad script.the only thing that I really like in this movie is that finally we saw some hero die."
"71","bob the moo","2 June 2019","
            6/10
            "," Plot holes and other blockbuster weaknesses, but it is impressive in how well it lands this huge beast in a way that satisfies and delivers
","Much like I did for Infinity War, I was caught up a little bit on the hype, but mostly I think I prioritized seeing this so that I could browse Reddit again, since so many popular posts are memes from the final two Avengers films. Unsurprisingly perhaps, I found that it was very much the overall picture I found with Infinity War, which is that it is far from perfect, a blockbuster pure and simple, but that it is quite a piece of work in terms of how well put together it all is.In terms of that structure, at time of writing this there are quite a few comments comparing it to the final season of Game of Thrones (which right now just has 2 episodes left) in the way that it has to bring everything together. The comparison is unfavorable, partly because GoT continues it very rushed approach to writing, but mainly because Endgame does it very well. The detail of the plotting is of course filled with holes that are best just to ignore, but the structure allows for a very nice conclusion as we retouch on moments from within the existing films, allowing nostalgia, references, and a sense of winding it up (although of course it will continue as long as the films make money). As with Infinity War, the writing somehow gives characters enough time despite there being so many of them; it hits several tones but none undercuts or takes away from another; and it mixes humor and action into a plot that takes itself seriously enough so it feels like it has weight.Of course it is still a blockbuster film, and far from perfect, but it is impressively done and very easy to enjoy if you go with what it is doing."
"72","hamed_tgh","31 July 2019","
            8/10
            "," terrible
","I think it was one of the worst superhero movies. In this film, they destroyed all the preparations made in the previous episode.
It was very good to use the idea of time travel and it could be much better.
The story of getting the stones was written without much thought. All stones were very comfortable. Changes that were ignored in time.
Captain Marvel's role was very empty. The character's presence in the film was really wrong."
"73","wall_o","5 May 2019","
            6/10
            "," I loved Endgame BUT...
","First of all I gave this movie a 10 because I want to hype it a bit because it still should serve as a very good example for any superhero movie or blockbuster in general. But if I was honest with myself I would give it an 8.Let me explain why and before we proceed here comes the necessary
SPOILER ALERT!!So why did Endgame leave me with a bittersweet taste?
First, because I loved Infinity war very very much. What I loved then was the fact that the story wasn't the usual Manichean hero story with a fight between good and evil. I read the message of Infinity war as an understanding of morality being more subjective than absolute. And I believe that our concepts or ethics and morality in the modern society are often biased and uneducated because we refuse to see what lies beyond the scope of our little self-centered lives.Wherever you root for Thanos or not, believes he is a horrendous monster or a misunderstood hero doesn't matter in the end. But I believe a story must be honest to its core and should be an opportunity to show us what we don't want to see. A truth that is not as radical as what our reason can bear.And in that sense, Infinity war did a great job by giving an honest ending. Every character has lost the people they loved, even Thanos. But we had the sense that despite this horrible event, the future of the universe was still hopeful like Thanos predicted.And that's where Endgame faulted primarily in my opinion. They depict the 5 years later on Earth like a depressed desolated world. And I strongly believed that this is an utterly dishonest and unrealistic version of what it would be. If 50% of the human race would be wiped out in the real world. Of course we would be shocked, traumatized. There would be grief, there would be despair. But whether you like it or not, it is something most people would be able to overcome. And especially after 5 years, humanity would definitely have been able to move on. A lot of people would have been able to support each other because many would share the same grief. Then some people would even have thrived and find opportunity in this chaotic situation turning things around and finding ways to make their country or their world great again. I'm sorry for being cynical but if some people would lose loved ones, some would likely also loose enemies or people who used to be a burden or a competition.In the end, the survival instinct and/or pursuit of happiness are strong motivators and would definitely prevail at least for a lot of people or at least for enough people so that these ones start inspiring the others. And yeah I think 5 years is enough time to see the ""benefits"" of this massive shared drama.So if Endgame had been honest with this context and had put its characters in a new prosperous world, we could have seen some heroes being even more conflicted. The avengers would have had a harder time moving on than anybody else because they lost. It was their role, their responsibility to protect mankind and they failed. But by seeing that the world is a happier place, that the other people moved on with their lives and that a lot of problems like climate change and such have recessed, it would be harder for them to act when they hear the eventuality of a solution to fix what happened. Like we see with Tony Stark, who has his family, his daughter and a happy quiet life.I believe it was a missed opportunity to not use this extremely logic yet clever conflict between being human and being a hero and use it more throughout the story.And also not completely demonizing Thanos who was a more layered and complex character in Infinity war.But yeah especially for Iron man/Tony Stark, if we had seen him struggling more, being more in conflict of doing the hard choice, hesitating being a hero or being a dad, and if the consequences of Thanos's snap wasn't shown just as gloomy and dark but if there was actually a bit of silver lining to it, that maybe he wasn't completely wrong about the balancing of the universe, I think it would have been even more interesting.I believe that the more human a hero is, the harder it is to act heroically for him, the more his heroic action will transcend.For me Endgame succeeded at 60% to achieve the climax I was hoping which is why I had this bittersweet feeling at the end.Still is a great movie. So I'm sure I will appreciate it more and more as I leave my expectations behind.PS: There were some great performances from the cast especially when they were playing with non-big professional actors, like the girl playing Morgan or the kids asking for a selfie at the diner, or with the director Joe Russo at the meeting. It felt casual and natural in a very good way. That was brilliant."
"74","simonkie","6 December 2019","
            3/10
            "," Closure to a great series
","Avengers INFINITY WAR was the best in the series so my expectations were low for the follow up. This movie dealt more with substance than style and is completely different than all the other Avenger movies. Definitely the most emotional movie of the series hence why they called it Endgame. Yes it's long but the characters carry the film much more than the action does. I enjoyed the film and may watch it again sometime. It was very good and delivered a fitting end but not the type of Avenger film you would want to watch again and again. That film belongs to INFINITY WAR."
"75","smith-c57","25 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," 3 hours just flew by
","Absolutely loved it, every character gets a good chunk of screen time and they all use it to full effect, its laugh out loud funny at times, really touching at times."
"76","vandykeu","17 August 2019","
            10/10
            "," Great ""ending"" to a saga
","Endgame is a great popcorn action movie to ""finish"" a saga of popcorn action movies. This isn't serious entertainment and shouldn't be considered as such, and it reminds me of how George Lucas made Star Wars as an homage to the cheap serials like Flash Gordon. Especially as comic-sourced material, this is what the MCU is. Some part of me is actually a bit pained to like it as much as I do, given that it is just playing on base emotions to make money for a massive conglomerate like Disney.BUT... what a great way to end several major storylines that they invested in over the past 11 years. For people who have watched the saga, I feel like this is just the cherry on the top. My only complaint is something that you can't really get away from in superhero stories: the character ""powers"" are totally inconsistent from scene to scene, and movie to movie. This is a trope that there's no getting away from, because if characters like Captain Marvel, Thor, Scarlet Witch, and Hulk were always as powerful as they show flashes of, then the story wouldn't even be a thing. Any one of them could destroy Thanos in the blink of an eye, and have done similar feats in other stories (and even in other scenes within a given story). That they sometimes ""reduce"" their power to a lower level, without an explained mechanism, is pretty laughable, and makes some parts of the story a bit nonsensical. Yes, this constant Ex Machina is needed to maintain the drama and keep the plot going, but it's still something that takes me out of the story.What I really love about this movie, and the saga as a whole, is how good it is at developing the actual characters and their relationships. There are some similarities, but nobody is the same, and most of the arcs are believable. Thor's story, and apparent PTSD, is to me the best-done, but all of the majors (and some of the minors) are almost as good. I believed them. And for a popcorn action movie saga based on a comic series, I think that's a pretty high compliment."
"77","ansirahka","3 November 2019","
            10/10
            "," Everybody's here
","A nice conclusion to the saga, it'll give you nerd chills"
"78","Jorgosch","28 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," Not that grand experience I had hoped for
","Avengers: Endgame is not a bad movie at all. It's just not what it's made out to be - supposedly one of the greatest movies of all time. Sure, you have seasoned actors who deliver the necessary emotions which are put into scene well enough and several strings from other movies and tv series are tied together. But that alone doesn't make a movie great per se, that's just good planning.The story itself is your basic time travel retcon and there aren't any clever twists that were hidden in Infinity War. 2 out of 3 hours of the movie is characters talking as a fan service, one hour is plot advancement. You get your deus ex machina (Captain Marvel) who tips the balance this time while she was conveniently absent in the last movie. You get Iron Man, who doesn't even have superhuman abilities, performing a feat that should have killed him right away according to the lore.The movie is satisfying yes, but that doesn't make it great. Nothing of what happens is particularly awe inspiring, surprising or new. With all the talking, it rather feels like a double episode that finishes off a tv show.And to be honest, placing this among the greatest movies of all time feels like an insult to the great ones which excel in all possible departments - acting, story, score, cinematogrpahy, blocking etc. But I guess a generation that votes for a president who promises to make America great again can also vote such a movie as one of the greatest. Both aren't."
"79","ivanpetricevic-88877","28 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," Very, very good, but Infinity Wars was a bit better
","No spoilers here. Story is unexpected and very original. If you thought you knew what will happen - well, you were wrong.
First half is a bit slow, but still interesting, with all the small pieces coming together.
Second part is full time action, almost as good as Infinity Wars, but a bit weaker in details. I do miss more of Dr. Strange more, but, on the other hand, Captain America was much better than expected. Humor was good, as always.Overall, this is a great movie and a decent ending to the saga. I think everyone will be satisfied."
"80","thevances","6 May 2019","
            8/10
            "," The more I think about it
","Enjoyable movie that takes to long to get into the action and doesn't make any sense once you step back and think about what they've done. Even their explanations on what they were going to do, what they did do, and the final outcomes make no sense. I believe the world would be an even bigger mess when they were done, and Steve broke all the rules!"
"81","arclinecreative","13 May 2019","
            6/10
            "," Overrated and full of filler
","Continuity? 350M budget and no one looking over the continuity? Hair styles, braided beard..unbraided...braided again? You need special equipment and suits to time travel, but not the bad guys who follow? No one traveling through time ages except Captain America??? SO many dragged out scenes with 'on the nose' dialog. They only made it 3 hours long to give the impression it was 'epic' when it wasn't and isn't. Making Thor a laughing bafoon who gives up being king so he can continue being fat and lazy? If you can't kill your superheroes, turn them into rejects. They'll probably reboot all the characters like they did with Spiderman... again...and again...and again."
"82","diogomanuelsabino","26 March 2021","
            9/10
            "," Justa another theme park movie
","Thee same movie over and over, thatÂ´s the MCU. The same repetitive jokes and villain, only with a different cape ...
The story is boring and tries a lot to be something it is not!!!!"
"83","kwesipaa-80807","5 November 2019","
            6/10
            "," One of A kind
","Avengers endgame is one of a kind well done Marvel studios"
"84","jaacy-84600","24 April 2019","
            4/10
            "," Action,Happiness,Sadness and pure joy!
","I laughed , cried and was speechless. 3 hours well used. It was a perfect ""ending"" of the Avenger Movies.
I will watch it again and again and again. 10 points well deserved!!!"
"85","parkecha","19 May 2019","
            10/10
            "," Totally worth the 3 hour duration!
","This movie is easily the best of all 4 Avengers movies. It's long, but also action packed. The finale is just sooooooooooo amazing! The idea of time travel was just really amazing. Seeing all of the disintegrated heroes come back in the end nearly brought a tear to my eye. This movie is easily a 10/10 for me. I suggest you watch this movie if you haven't seen it, because it is a marvel (no pun intended)."
"86","athies","16 November 2019","
            10/10
            "," There is gonna be a LOT of anger in this movie.
","That is horrendous for Hawkeye.""Was it juice pops?"" ... Cute.""Lebowski"" ... Killer dialog :)I see the Iron Man help style has trickled down to everyone.Hulk fake mad :)You thought The Squad was tough..."
"87","haris-sirah","25 April 2019","
            8/10
            "," Your hopes and dreams served on a platter
","Avengers: Endgame is literally everything you have wanted AND MORE in a Marvel movie.
I'm not going to lie, it is slow to get into at the start, but the last hour is the reason I HAD TO give this film a 10/10.
Honestly, as everyone has mentioned, it's a culmination of everything good in Marvel. It's beauty, perfection and whatever else you can think of.
Endgame lived up to its hype and certain characters truly ended in such an amazing way.
You'll never expect ANYTHING.
No joke, I am going to have to go watch this again!!
3000% recommended ;-)"
"88","Chalice_Of_Evil","24 April 2019","
            8/10
            "," It's still Iron Man's world and the rest of the Avengers are still just living in it...
","Well...most of them.The film opens on Jeremy Renner's Hawkeye with his happy family...until he no longer has one on account of them being dusted, which causes him to become vengeful Mohawkeye. Next up it's my least favourite Avenger, Tony Snark, teaching games to Nebula (my favourite Guardian of the Galaxy and the only one of those a-holes I actually LIKE. Mantis, who I also like and who *isn't* an a-hole, sadly only gets one line in the movie, but at least it's a funny one). The term drawn-out could be used to describe this whole opening with Tony. 'Self-indulgent' would be another. Just because you have a 3-hour+ runtime, Russos, doesn't mean you should waste it lingering on Tony sleeping, etc. I did appreciate, though, that Nebula shows she's grown (as evidenced by the fact she's refrained from beating the snot out of Tony the entire time they've been stuck in space together). I was happy to see her featured so much.Thankfully things finally get moving once Captain Marvel saves their butts and interacts with the team in a scene most have probably watched already. As she points out to Rhodey Rude (whose main role seems to be Joke/Movie Reference Man), she's been on other planets after 'The Snap' that *didn't* have The Avengers to help them out. The fact that THOR says he likes her should be enough (though obviously won't be for certain people). He also learns from the mistake he made at the end of Infinity War regarding what bodypart to aim for on Thanos (who apparently wiped out half the universe's populace so he could become a farmer and unfortunately destroyed the Infinity Stones). Too bad Nebula's robbed of the chance to end Thanos in this movie (twice!), as she probably deserved to the most. Tony the Drama Queen proves he hasn't grown at all, laying the blame for everything at Cap's feet.A skip to five years later reveals time hasn't been kind to Thor. I'm saddened to see him reduced to this joke, when the first Thor movie is one of my favourites. They've veered too far into 'comedy' for my taste, as here he's played mostly for laughs on account of letting himself go (for those wanting shirtless Thor, you'll get him...though you'll wish you *hadn't*). Bless Paul Rudd's Scott Lang, as he brings a breath of fresh air to proceedings. His reunion with his (now grown) daughter is one of the few genuinely effective emotional moments in the film. Unfortunately, he's not given the respect he deserves, considering he's the one to come up with the idea of time travel (the subject of which is given the ultimate nerd discussion in this film). They go to Tony, who selfishly refuses to help the others get back everyone they lost since he already HAS everyone HE wants (well...except for Spider-Kid, who is the reason he eventually changes his mind).Cut to after a 'comedic' sequence involving working out the kinks of time-travelling, the gang splits up to retrieve all the stones from the past. This is where the film kicks into gear, as we revisit past MCU films and encounter previous versions of characters. Highlights include: Cap seeing Peggy Carter again, Cap vs Past Cap, Thor spending some precious time with his soon-to-be-deceased mother (plus, a Jane cameo! There's actually lots of cameos in the film, but only a few I cared about) and twice the amount of Nebula. There's one rage-inducing consequence of visiting the past involving Mohawkeye, Natasha and the Soul Stone. If you remember what happened with Gamora, you'll know what that means. Although the character who ends up being the sacrifice gets some good character/emotional beats in this film, it still doesn't make up for the fact they're unceremoniously given the 'permadeath' treatment, thus robbing us of one of the MCU's best characters and the awesome dynamics between them and other characters. Given all the others that could've been offed, WHY'd it have to be...well...you'll see.I'll give the film credit for seamlessly blending the 'present' characters with the past, and once things reach the climax, they definitely ensure this is the most 'epic' battle we've seen yet which involves pretty much every character (except those who're unfortunate enough to *stay* dead, of course), some of which will be getting future films or TV shows to appear in. I guess that's meant to 'make up for' them not getting much screentime here (like my fave, Wanda. At least she gets some revenge on Thanos and shares an emotional moment with Mohawkeye near the end. I'm looking forward to her show and hopefully future movie appearances too). Captain America gets at least two cheer-worthy moments, while Captain Marvel and her new haircut get to kick some major arse (don't fret, haters...she isn't given the final victory over Thanos. No, we all know who gets THAT privilege).I guess I was supposed to feel sad near the end, but honestly I just felt relief, as it's about time a certain someone faced some actual real consequences. Hopefully other characters will get to thrive/have substantial screentime now that somebody isn't hogging it all. Another good thing about the end is the camera shot which slowly moves through/covers everyone (all these characters we've come to know, plus a few we haven't yet) at the funeral. The BEST part, however, is the final scene. I've waited ever since the first Cap movie (my other fave MCU film) to get to the scene that ends this movie, and I think it's worth it. I'm so very happy with it and who it involves.While there're no mid-credits/post-credits scenes, it's worth sticking around to see the original six Avengers actors literally signing off. It'll probably take a couple of viewings to fully digest this film, as it throws in everything AND the kitchen sink. It's a fitting conclusion to Phase 3 (ignoring Spider-Kid 2). Now, bring on Phase 4!"
"89","msteaua93","29 July 2019","
            8/10
            "," A very expected ending
","I gave this movie five stars for effects but for story not so great and i expected at this happy ending i didn't expect that bit of drama but anyway dissapointed especially the way Thanos end in the movie so lame exactly like NK in GOT so lame when you expect at something more but no this is a proof if you rush something you ruin it the note is 8.7 just because effects and is marvel nothing more."
"90","tatbtsisb","16 October 2019","
            10/10
            "," A great ending to a wonderful 10 years saga.
","Endgame is certainly one of its kind. A movie that will be marked as the film of this decade. Building up from Iron Man to Captain Marvel, a 10 journey filled with joy, adventure and tears. And we need a perfect ending to all of that. Endgame is the perfect ending. A movie that has everything a fan will ever dream of, an amazing cast and a wonderful climax. It is such a huge payoff from 10 years worth of building up. To look at this from a Fan's perspective, it is an awesome movie and it is a masterpiece. But to look at this from a critic's perspective, it is not the best movie. It certainly lacks some elements to a perfect movie. But this to me, is such a wonderful movie and I definitely loved it. It has everything I wanted and I'm gonna give this movie a 9/10."
"91","MissSimonetta","27 April 2019","
            7/10
            "," I cannot overstate my disappointment
","To clarify, I am not an MCU fangirl. I enjoy these movies a little more than the casual moviegoer but I definitely do not fit into the diehard category. I enjoy watching most of the films, but would only list the GOTG movies and THOR: RAGNAROK as personal favorites.So just know, this isn't coming from the perspective of some unpleasable geek. It's coming from someone who was emotionally invested in these movies, enjoys most of them, and prizes solid storytelling.And let me tell you, as a story, ENDGAME is a mess.Character development? Forget it! Thor's arc from selfish braggart to responsible king is thrown away so he can be Lebowski 2.0, complete with sunglasses and sweater. The Hulk and Peter Quill are pretty much jokes. Tony Stark gets one of the cheapest deaths in modern cinema-- it feels less like a natural culmination of the character's growth and more like RDJ wanted to make sure he wasn't shoehorned into more movies through 2050.And don't get me started on how the events of this film are going to wreck GOTG 3. Let's just say all Gamora's character development is in the trash now. I know plenty of people who love the GOTG movies but have no interest in any other Marvel property and they'll be confused as hell come 2021. (I really do not get people who claim these MCU films work as self-alone pictures. 9.5 times out of 10, they really don't at all.)ENDGAME continues the trend of CAPTAIN MARVEL in throwing continuity to the winds. What happened to Thor's hammer NOT being the source of his power? Now, Steve Rogers can use it to toss lighting everywhere like a rogue Pikachu. Peter Parker goes back to high school in 2023 and somehow Ned is still a teen attending--- even though he was one of the confirmed not-deaths after INFINITY WAR. Steve Roger's wild time travel ride at the end will also screw future timeline continuity up in ways I shudder to contemplate. I pity the screenwriters is all I gotta say.I won't say this movie is the worst. Compared to something like, say, THE LAST JEDI, which had the most formless, meandering plot, ENDGAME moves quickly and does not overstay its welcome. There are some truly fun fight scenes and one-liners. The final battle in particular is marvelous, giving me some of the most fun I've had in a theater in a while (though it could have just been the enthusiasm of the crowd working its magic on me).But I'm not going to pretend this is an epic finale. It was so unsatisfying a conclusion for the original Avengers team that it kind of taints what came before. What enthusiasm I had for the MCU to come wasn't exactly high (nothing good lasts forever, as many a former successful franchise has shown Hollywood time and time again), but now, my hopes are nil.EDIT: I found out that Thor's hammer does allow worthy wielders his power, so I rescind my ""rogue Pikachu"" complaint. The movie is still frustrating though."
"92","drummerlaci","5 May 2019","
            10/10
            "," Boring
","It's way too long. The beginning is painfully slow paced. Ok I get it, everybody is depressed, etc but seriously it just didn't work. Also the way they find out how to travel in time... It was just too simple. Also where were Captain Marvel at the end? Why was she away? Just becasue the fight would have been too short with her from the beginning?To be honest, this was lame."
"93","sumtim3s00n","25 April 2019","
            7/10
            "," Almost ruined by super annoying Brie Larson
","Jar Jar deserves an oscar compared to her. Her presence on screen makes you want to walk out. Not to mention the film is already filled to the brim with unncessary huge number of ""strong"" female characters to the point its absurd. And not cool, awesome strong female characters like Rene Russo's character, whom you believe is a bada5s and has depth.
So female Jar Jar aside (an insult to Jar Jar actually), the movie, the first half, is pretty darn good, with many great comical moments especially. Second half and especially the last third, it slows down and starts becoming the formulaic and typical hollywood film, full of empty fighting, streched out beyond all sensible constraints. The ending is also not very insipiring or clever.
Also at times it suffers from some quite bad writing. Like when Thor presents Valkyrie with Asgard as if it is this great gift to her. Remember Asgard, a majestic, wonderful city on a half waterfall, half clouds, with a rainbow and beautiful weather every day.
Asgard,that is NOW a small sh1thole of a fishing village, cold and damp 11 months out of the year, with pollution and just an overall miserable life. Who the F would want to be a queen of that ?
Anyway I dont see why it has such a high score, it definitely doesnt deserve it. Its not bad but its nothing special either with too many noticeable distractions that annoy you."
"94","subxerogravity","26 April 2019","
            1/10
            "," All Great Things...
","Man! I thought Infinity War was off the hook, but this one...
A perfect compliment to a two part epic. It was what I thought it was going to be, a lot of talk, a lot of planning, but amazingly it was not boring. Not for one second!
Infinity War was the moment we were all waiting for and then they tell us they are going to split it into two films. End Game could have gone south with this choice, but it did not. It's always exciting, especally if you are a comic book fan or have been watching these movies for now eleven years.
Don't want to say too much, but shine a light on Robert Downey Jr. who got to perfect his Iron Man persona to the point where Hugh Jackman can't even surpass him. Captain American is giving all us FanBoys everything we ever wanted to see and Thor...underperforms with hilarious results (and hopefully will create 2019's most popular costume for a certain type of man). Loved Mark Rufflo in this film and Thanos baby, still the baddest villain around.
It's fun it's dramatic, it's like Lord of the Rings with one less movie. Three hours well worth the ticket.
Stan Lee would be proud! Nuff said!"
"95","IronManu77","30 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," Son born in Iron Man year 2008....this is our inspiration
","Nothing is perfect, this movie is not perfect and yes it could have been better but it is a fitting conclusion to the Avengers saga and sad that we will not be some characters again in their super hero forms. There will be tears in the theaters so get ready. As for analyzing this movie, I recommend getting a PhD if you have to go into minute details. This is a movie and it will have plotholes, so enjoy it for what it is and the effort put into it.I watched this in IMAX yesterday and watching it again in Dolby in a few days with my family. Thank you to all the hard work put into this movie. Thank you Iron Man, Captain America, Thor, Doctor Strange, and many more.....my son was born in 2008 and you guys have served as an inspiration for us all. Thank you."
"96","alexjwebb","2 May 2019","
            9/10
            "," Good but didn't live up
","I was super excited to see this movie after Infinity War ended but I left rather disappointed. It was good but I felt like the first hour or so was wasted space. I did love Thor though."
"97","yishu-75061","3 May 2019","
            9/10
            "," Not satisfied with Time Travel logic.
","Movie is good no second thoughts about it, but it is far from being great. I felt little disappointed for how Marvel handled Time Travel in Endgame. There's eventually no cause and effect phenomenon in this movie. One can do what ever they want in past and still nothing gets affected in current (future timeline). Nebula kills her pastself but current Nebula should also have erased from existence, but we didn't see that.
Overall it's good but time travel could have been depicted differently.
Characters literally messed a lot with past self still there was no consequence. Thor brought Mjolnir with him in future leaving no weapon for past Thor.
If Tony stole that Teseract then Fury would never have got access to Tesseract but that too doesn't seem to have any affect on current timeline.
Disappointed with time travel philosophy of Endgame.And story felt bit not too much but bit exaggerated. Movie could have been shortened by 20 minutes easily.
There were several scenes which felt unnecessary and several scenes were not showed, like how Thanos was able to bring whole army to current timeline if Nebula took only one tube of Pym Particle.
The action sequences are great and VFX is just amazing. I didn't find any problems in CGI.
It great but still it doesn't deserve 10/10."
"98","SnoopyStyle","27 April 2019","
            9/10
            "," Back to the Future or not
","Hawkeye loses his family with the snap. Tony Stark and Nebula are stranded in space. They are rescued by Captain Marvel. What remains of the Avengers set off to confront Thanos only to find that he had already destroyed the Stones. Five years later, Scott Lang escapes from the quantum realm. He is shocked by the new world order and comes up with an idea to save everyone, a Time Heist.This is the 22nd film in the MCU. The best aspect is that it pulls together the whole series of movies and fulfill many of their emotional storylines. Iron Man, Thor, Captain America, Black Widow, Hawkeye, Ant-Man, and Nebula all get some powerful personal stories. Thor is doing a funny ""The Dude"" Lebowski. Iron Man is his family. Captain America finally gets his love. Hawkeye becomes vengeance. There are some other aspects that I would alter with the Infinity Gauntlet.For Ant-Man, Paul Rudd's comedic takes diminishes his pain from losing Hope. He's not quite as broken as Hawkeye. His lost keeps conflicting with his humor. Black Widow's fight with Hawkeye lasts too long. Sometimes, less is more and doing fewer reversals would add power to each turn. Nebula's final confrontation with herself needs some better work. She needs to have a talk with herself or do an Indiana Jones and shot right away. She could give a punchline like ""I don't like how she looks"". The movie yadayada a lot about time travel. The only explanation is that it's not any of those movies. It's a funny line but it's basically saying that it has no rules. Then the characters say that there are rules. I don't begrudge the MCU for yadayadaing the rules because that could get real complicate. Finally, this MCU ends like many MCU movies, with a chaotic massive final battle. I'd prefer cutting that back and the female Avengers assemble is a little too convenient. Just have two other women. That's enough. It becomes fan service. Overall, the emotional resolutions are great. The recalls to the other movies are satisfying. The story works for the most part. In a franchise that is sure to keep going to infinity, this is a great rest stop to say a few goodbyes."
"99","coasterdude44","7 May 2019","
            8/10
            "," Practically Perfect
","This movie was incredible, it did everything I wanted it to do and every character had their time to shine, the film was the culmination of 22 MCU films and ten years of buildup and the film pulled it off beautifully. This film could have turned out as a mess if it was in the wrong hands, but the Russo brothers have masterfully pulled off an awesome and emotionally satisfying finale to the Avengers franchise and MCU series even though we are getting more films with ""Spider-Man: A Long Way From Home"" coming out later this yearOverall, the film was everything it needed to be and the hefty 3 hour run time was definitely more than necessary. The film did everything I expected and much much more, closing a chapter on pop culture history and a franchise loved by billions, it was as close to perfect as a film like this can get"
"100","Fella_shibby","27 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," A disappointment when compared to Infinity War but still a fun watch for fans.
","I saw this with my entire family in a theater.
It was house full with too much clapping n whistling n some of the dialogues went bouncer. Will watch it again but I feel it is not on par with Infinity War.
In Infinity War, the war sequence n the fight scenes were all shot in broad daylight n that too in an open field of Wakanda without the fast paced camera tricks. It was visible who was fighting who but Endgame's war sequence is shot in the dark with too much fast paced camera tricks. At times it became hectic to make out who is fighting who.
The entry of Thor during the war in Infinity was epic but in Endgame it was duds.
The entry of Captain America with the background sound to save Vision in Infinity War was again epic but in Endgame it is not at all exciting.
Rocket's one liners were good though."
"101","Marjuk_Ocean","20 September 2023","
            6/10
            "," In the list of my top 5 favourite Marvel Movies.
","""Avengers: Endgame"" - A Spectacular Culmination of Marvel's Cinematic UniverseIn the realm of superhero cinema, ""Avengers: Endgame"" stands as an unprecedented achievement. Directed by Anthony and Joe Russo, this epic finale to the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) represents the culmination of over a decade of storytelling and character development. Clocking in at just over three hours, ""Endgame"" is a sprawling, emotionally charged spectacle that delivers on its promise to provide closure for beloved characters while reshaping the MCU's future.The film begins in the aftermath of ""Avengers: Infinity War,"" with half of all life in the universe obliterated by the malevolent Thanos (Josh Brolin). The surviving Avengers are left reeling, grappling with guilt and loss. The emotional weight of this situation is palpable, setting a somber tone that lingers throughout the movie.One of the film's strengths lies in its character-driven narrative. Each Avenger is given ample screen time to grapple with the consequences of their actions and confront their own vulnerabilities. Robert Downey Jr. Delivers a standout performance as Tony Stark/Iron Man, showcasing his character's evolution from a self-centered genius to a selfless hero. Similarly, Chris Evans as Steve Rogers/Captain America and Scarlett Johansson as Natasha Romanoff/Black Widow bring depth and gravitas to their roles.""Endgame"" also skillfully employs humor to offset its darker moments. The banter between characters provides much-needed levity, ensuring the film remains entertaining even during its most emotionally charged sequences. This balance of humor and pathos has been a hallmark of the MCU and is executed with finesse here.One of the film's most impressive feats is its ability to seamlessly weave together multiple storylines and characters. The time-travel aspect of the plot allows the Avengers to revisit key moments from previous films, resulting in a nostalgic and satisfying trip down memory lane for fans. It's a testament to the filmmakers' dedication to honoring the MCU's history while moving the narrative forward.The action sequences in ""Endgame"" are nothing short of spectacular. The climactic battle in the third act is a visual feast, featuring a jaw-dropping array of heroes, powers, and epic showdowns. It's a triumphant moment that pays off years of anticipation and buildup. The Russo brothers' direction, combined with Alan Silvestri's stirring score, elevates these sequences to a cinematic crescendo.As for the film's antagonist, Thanos remains a formidable and complex foe. Brolin's motion-capture performance adds depth to the character, and his motivations, while morally questionable, are presented with a degree of philosophical nuance. Thanos remains one of the MCU's most compelling villains.However, ""Endgame"" is not without its criticisms. Some viewers may find the film's lengthy runtime a bit daunting, and certain plot elements involving time travel could be seen as overly convoluted. Additionally, a few character arcs, while emotionally satisfying, may leave fans divided.In conclusion, ""Avengers: Endgame"" is a monumental achievement in the world of superhero cinema. It successfully pays tribute to the characters and stories that have captivated audiences for years while charting a bold new course for the MCU. With its powerful performances, humor, and breathtaking action sequences, it's a fitting and emotional conclusion to an era of cinematic storytelling. While it may not be without its minor flaws, ""Endgame"" stands as a testament to the enduring appeal of the superhero genre and will likely be remembered as a cinematic milestone for years to come."
"102","dronnwoods","29 April 2019","
            9/10
            "," No, no, and no again.
","I just want to say a few things:
Cap can suddenly hold and call MjÃ¸lnir, hammer of Thor??? Inconceivable!
Hulk is suddenly nice, clever and funny??
Captain Marvel could swipe clean the whole shebang, but not Thanos?
Cap suddenly decides to grow old and live an alternate timeline, without the rest?
Is there NO respect for the back-catalogue and the comics anymore?
And don't even get me started on the time-travel issue.
So disappointed.
No, no and no again, Marvel !!"
"103","skywalker_2003","1 August 2019","
            6/10
            "," This was the Second time I walked out on a movie
","A garbage with full of unpleasant characters and boring story and i call that a real charlatanism to stole your money and giving you a 3 hours long headache with minimum suspense and bad cgi and nothing more. i hope we never saw that characters anymore and never have such garbage anymore."
"104","constantinejack","1 May 2019","
            3/10
            "," Can we please get this off the TOP 250? Thanks
","I think Marvel films are fine, I understand loving them I really do. Spider-Man 2 is my personal favourite, but please stop giving these movies a 10/10. Endgame is a 7 at best. It's probably the most flawed Avengers film story wise. It's popcorn fun, but it's like if we let Fast & Furious or Transformers films in the top 250. Meanwhile 2001: A Space Oddisey is lower than Infinity War."
"105","evan-26068","28 September 2019","
            10/10
            "," Avengers endgame
","This is the best mcu movie ever ! This film is rich in emotions and humor, this show perfectly concludes this time of 22 films !"
"106","michaeltong-29180","8 August 2019","
            10/10
            "," A Masterpiece
","Wow there are so many troll reviews by inarticulate rubes who can't even explain their opinions.People are entitled to their own tastes, and the super hero genre of the Marvel variety that is a pastiche of action/adventure, sci-fi, and fantasy doesn't appeal to everyone, but for what it is, for what it succeeds at being for its target audience, Avengers: Endgame is currently the benchmark as a satisfying grand finale in a cinematic universe.There can be no doubt that Infinity War and Endgame are masterpieces. That doesn't mean they're the best movies ever made, or that they're better than other masterpieces of different genres, it just means that it succeeds in every element required of it.The barrier of entry to The Avengers, especially the last two films, is quite high and requires someone to watch a lot of movies, and without an investment in those characters in the Marvel film that lead up to Infinity War and Endgame, a casual viewer will not care the same way a fan will. Yet that shouldn't detract from how skillfully the writers and directors manage to balance so many elements and fuse so many genres to deliver a unique piece of pop-entertainment that is full of humor, spectacle, and drama.The Avengers is not a particularly profound franchise. It doesn't attempt to be allegorical like The Lord of The Rings, it isn't as mind-expanding as The Matrix, it isn't as mystical as the original Star Wars, nor does it make any social commentary like The Dark Knight, but it has plenty of great archetypal characters who embody different aspects and struggles with heroism. Each character plays so well off the other and the cast has so much chemistry.No other franchise understands its characters better than Marvel, and no writers have a better grasp of heroic conflict and camaraderie than Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely. Comparing their work in Endgame to other franchises like the DCU's Justice League or the current Star Wars is night and day.That isn't to say Endgame is perfect. A Masterpiece doesn't have to be perfect, and most aren't. Certain elements of the plot feel rushed and loopholes are glossed over. Not all the jokes land, but most are pretty funny. Captain Marvel is way too powerful which constantly makes her a Deus Ex Machina. There are any combination of nitpicky observations I could make about parts that don't exactly make sense, but those are minor.Admittedly, I do have a bit of Marvel fatigue after this. It almost feels like Endgame was so epic that I don't ever need to see another super hero movie again. Sure, I'll probably see the new Spider-Man, and even though I really like the films and the character, it's reaching a point of over-saturation."
"107","rohanumpleby","19 October 2019","
            9/10
            "," 9.1/10
","In these films the desire and there work rate is fantastic, they do so well together and do well as a team. It is fun to watch them that way. It was a bit boring at times though but still very enjoyable to watch. I can't believe Iron-man has died he was so cool and did very well in his own films. Robert Downey Jr as Iron-Man did so well. And watching the fight at the end was so fun and good to watch. It is good to see that Marvel make good progress as they go along, well most of the time anyway. It is good to also see TOM HOLLAND in the film right at the end to because it gives him a chance as well as the others. He did really well as well like he always dose. And it was funny that Hulk got to have a picture with the kids and Ant-man offers and doesn't get to have a photo. It is also my favorite Marvel movie, like I said because the togetherness is so good to see. It was a good ending to, to see that it had most of the characters on their or at least the main ones. It was also funny at times as well, especially the time machine bit. They needed also to do a quest and they went back in time with the time machine that they had, it was because they needed to get the infinity stones so that Thanos could not get them. It was also a quit intense movie at times as well."
"108","bob-the-movie-man","3 May 2019","
            10/10
            "," The final curtain.
","I will keep this first part of the review short, but add some footnotes (indexed with <#> symbols) to a ""spoiler section"" below the trailer videofurther down. Proceed at your peril if you haven't yet seen it!The MCU has delivered an impressively well-connected movie series. In the case of Thanos, this is a story-arc that started in the mid-credit ""monkey"" at the end of 2012's ""The Avengers"" and, at the conclusion of ""Avengers: Infinity War"", saw half the universe's population drift away - Voldemort-style - into grey ash. This, of course, also wiped out half of our heroes. This included Spider-Man (Tom Holland); Dr Strange (Benedict Cumberbatch); Black Panther (Chadwick Boseman); Nick Fury (Samuel L. Jackson); half of the remaining Guardians; The Wasp (Evangeline Lilly) and Dr Pym (Michael Douglas). Oblivious to all of this is Ant Man (Paul Rudd), still stranded in the 'quantum realm' following the demise of his colleagues, and with no one to flick the 'return' switch.After some early action, Endgame's story revolves around a desperate attempt by the remaining Avengers, led by Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson) and a 'retired' Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jnr) to undo the undoable. Can they succeed against all the odds? (With a new Spider-Man film due out in the summer, I'll give you a guess!). Of more relevance perhaps is whether the team can stay unscathed from their encounter with the scheming and massively powerful Thanos (Josh Brolin)?The film will not be to every fan's taste. After the virtually non-stop rip-roaring action of ""Infinity War"", ""Endgame"" takes a far more contemplative approach to its first hour.The film starts with a devastating prologue, and a great lesson in statistics: that you need a decent sized population to guarantee getting a 50:50 split! There is also a very surprising twist in the first 15 minutes or so that I didn't see coming AT ALL.But then things settle down into a far more sombre section of the film: short on action; long on character development. The world is grieving for its loss, unable to move on past the non-stop counselling sessions that everyone is getting. This first hour was, for me, by far, my favourite part of the film. Seeing how the characters we know and love have been impacted - some for better rather than for worse - was terrific. Mark Ruffalo's Hulk (with a rather glib plot-point) takes on an hilarious new aspect; and Chris Hemsworth adds hugely comedic value as Thor, setting up in Scotland a ""New Asgard"" settlement in uncharacteristically laid-back fashion.As an ensemble cast, everyone plays their parts extremely well. But it is just the breadth of the cast that astounds in this film: just about everyone who is anyone in the Marvel Universe - at least, those who are still alive (alive!) and not dead (dead!) - pop up for an appearance! This is great fun with, in one particular case, the opportunity to try some more rejuvenation of an old timer as previously done with Samuel L. Jackson in ""Captain Marvel"".Inevitably, some of these appearances are overly brief, and characters that I wanted to see developed more in this film (particularly Brie Larson's Captain Marvel) get very little screen time. Drax (Dave Bautista) and Mantis (Pom Klementieff) barely get a single line each. So it will depend on where your loyalties lie as to whether you are satisfied with the coverage or not. (I personally find Chris Evans' Captain America a bit of a po-faced bore, so I wasn't keen on the amount of screen time he had).Stan Lee again gets another cameo in the bag before his demise: will this actually be his last live one?Overall, I enjoyed this movie. It could obviously NEVER live up to the over-hyped expectations of the fan base. But as a cinematic spectacle, for me, it delivered on its billing as a blockbuster finale, but one filled with a degree of nuance I was not expecting. The problem with the way that the plot have been structured (no spoilers - <#>) is that it is easy to pick holes in the storyline. Indeed, some dramatic options (that to me seemed obvious ones to 'mine') were left 'unmined' <##>; others were left inexplicably hanging <###>.I suspect the reason for some of this is that the initial cut of this film probably ran to 5 hours rather than the - still bladder-testing - 3 hours as released. There were probably a bunch of scenes left on the cutting room floor that might allow things to make more sense in the extended BluRay release.It's at times slow, but for me never dull. It does suffer from one significant flaw though: the ""Return of the King"" disease. It doesn't know when to quit. There was a natural MCU arc to follow and a perfect time at which to end it: but the directors (the Russo Brothers, Anthony Russo and Joe Russo) kept adding additional scenes that detracted from the natural ending <####>.Above all, unlike I think all but one film in MCU history, there is NO ""MONKEY"" (end-credit scene) in the end credits: either mid-credit or end-credit! So, after the long title crawl (and some rather odd choices for end-title music by Alan Silvestri), if you are not to look bloody stupid as the lights come up, and face a storm of derision from your partner, then leave after the dramatic roll-call sequence of the film's stars!******SPOILER SECTION*****
Do not read beyond this point if you've not watched the film!<#>
The ""plot-hole picking"" business I referenced is of course the time-travelling element of the plot. First up, Stark's discovery of the mobius strip McGuffin is nicely done and his moral torment at disrupting the idyllic life he's built is relatable. But this timey-wimey stuff tends to play havoc with logic.....<##>
The missed opportunity I saw was the killing of Nebula (the younger) by Nebula (the elder) (both Karen Gillan). If it had been the other way round, I *might* have understood it. But surely this way round, Nebula the elder would have ceased to exist to go back in time in the first place? That's obviously a paradox! It would at least have been more satisfying if Nebula the elder had ""ashed"" away or something: literally a self-sacrifice for the greater good. Perhaps I've missed something and need to watch it again!<###>
My other question would be what happened to her sister Gamora? She was alive and kicking (hard) in one scene, but then not mentioned further: just a pining Star Lord (Chris Pratt) looking at her picture? Again, maybe I missed something!What was particularly joyous was seeing a plethora of great faces on the screen: Rene Russo (no immediate relation to the directors!) as Thor's mother; Natalie Portman, reprising her role of Jane Porter from the first Thor films (so brief, it was clearly constructed from cut footage or something); Michael Douglas, old and young, as Dr Pym and particularly Robert Redford. (So THIS, not ""The Old Man and the Gun"", is his ""final film"" then!!?)My previous reservations (from ""Captain Marvel"") about the superior fire-power of Captain Marvel also held true. Although she had ""all the other planets"" around the universe to cater for (""Fair point""), when she did turn up she ripped through Thanos's ship like paper (as she did in her own film). And yet she couldn't rip her way through Thanos? And a stone-less Thanos at that!This really made no sense to me. In ""Infinity War"" you could rationalise that the REASON the combined efforts of The Avengers to attack and remove the glove of Thanos failed was BECAUSE he was immensely powerful by having four of the five stones. In the battle scene in ""Endgame"" he had the better of Stark, Thor, Captain America AND Marvel but without any stones in his possession. Or have I missed something yet again here?<####>
My view of the finale was that it should have ended with the (rather CGI'd) funeral pan round the assembled characters (including a few randoms... I understand the young teen on his own was the kid who helped Stark in ""Iron Man Three""). While the Captain America time travelling piece that followed was sweet and all, it's been done before (in Mel Gibson's ""Forever Young"" for example) and for me wasn't worth the minutes invested in it at the end of an already long film.So, where will we go from here then in the MCU universe? Stan Lee is dead; Stark is dead; Black Widow is dead (though - as Amy Andrews points out, in her excellent review of the movie - she's been criminally underused). There will no doubt be further MCU films: ""SpiderMan: Far From Home"" opens in the summer; surely we are due ""Black Panther"" and ""Captain Marvel"" follow-ups; ; and Ant-Man and the Wasp have barely scratched the surface together. But will we ever get to see another ""Avengers-style"" story arc that traverses and connects the characters again in a similar way? Only the timey-wimey stuff will tell.(For the full graphical review, please check out One Mann's Movies on the web or Facebook.)"
"109","eddie_baggins","24 April 2019","
            9/10
            "," A fitting farewell to an incredible era
","DISCLAIMER- This is a spoiler FREE reviewWell, here we are.After 11 year's of top quality entertainment and planning that started all the way back with 2008's surprise smash hit Iron Man (do you feel old yet? I sure do), this part of Marvel's world domination comes to an end with what's likely to be one of, if not the biggest film's of all time, The Avengers: Endgame.It's a somewhat odd, occasionally emotional and fitting experience sitting back and concluding this part of the Marvel universe and while we know there's countless more Marvel film's coming our way, Endgame really does feel like the culmination of year's of hard work and adventures, that while not perfect, feels like a fitting tribute to what's come before and what still lays ahead.It's incredibly hard to talk about Endgame in depth without ruining the narrative the Russo brother's and their team have created but suffice to say the creative minds behind the scenes have given us another top quality piece of blockbuster filmmaking, that's likely to please diehard fans and more casual cinemagoers alike, the only problem is, when compared to it's genuinely surprising and perfectly paced predecessor, Endgame does feel slightly more formulaic and long in the tooth.It's picky for sure, but Infinity War gave us a Marvel experience that was unexpected, hilarious, emotional and epic and while Endgame has this in parts, it's not as all encompassing as last year's experience, even if by the rulebook, this was never going to be the case when tying up so many loose ends and finalising so much of what has come before it over the year's.A lot of these endings and plot tie ups will please those that have invested so much into a series that has been operating on an extremely high level for a number of year's, it's just that Marvel almost outdid themselves in Infinity War, making the more by the numbers plot threads and leaps of logic found in Endgame more highlighted than usual.The other minor nitpick with the film is Endgames much talked about epic 3 hour runtime and while the film starts with some unexpected and emotionally charged instances, there's a clear late beginning and middle section of the film that at times drags and cover's similar ground one too many times, even if by relative terms, the runtime in the Russo's film never is too detrimental to the fun to be had.This fun comes in many forms, with particular highlights being Thor's new found lifestyle, the Hulk's more prominent role and Captain Marvel's addition to the Avengers family, while the films big action scenes (that must be said aren't that abundant) are a sight to behold, with Marvel once more showing off their ability to handle spectacles as good as, if not better than, everyone else.At the end of the day, it's been an incredible period for Marvel, with arguably no outright failures and an abundance of big winners, we've been spoilt for 11 straight year's and while Endgame may not be the best of the best, it's still a mighty fine and emotionally charged finale that does the beloved cinematic universe proud.Final Say -While not as surprising or even as Infinty War, Endgame is still a top quality and fitting end to so much good work that's come before it and while it's sad to say goodbye to this particular era, it's exciting to see what lays in store for Marvel moving ahead.4 peanut butter and jelly sandwiches out of 5"
"110","mdhumayonkabir","14 July 2019","
            9/10
            "," A movie that can be compare every bit with The Dark Knight & second best superhero movie after that
","Truely ..... Best.... Just want if Captain Marvel did not showed up...... Only that character make the film out of perfection."
"111","peacedisturber","30 April 2019","
            6/10
            "," Fanboy much, 10/10 raters???
","By no stretch of the imagination does this movie deserve a spot next to Dark Knight, Godfather, Lord of the Rings, Inception, Shawshank Redemption or any where within the top 100 movies. It was alright. Not revelatory. The best thing that happened in the movie was the heroic sacrifice. That was awesome. They captured the emotion perfectly, it was sad, but appropriate. This had some feel-good moments with massive collaboration from most of the entire universe. Also, this movie could possibly have elevated to an 8 if they put Deadpool in...that would have been awesome and hilarious. It was not overly thought-provoking. It was just a little above the average popcorn Marvel movie-nothing truly profound, just fun verbal quips and too much fighting and too many missions that somehow ends alright (not amazingly though)."
"112","NpMoviez","8 May 2019","
            9/10
            "," Absolutely amazing, but still flawed.
","After waiting for a year, Avengers: Endgame hit the theatres and shattered a number of box office records worldwide. But, was it really so perfectly great? No.Good : The first thing I loved about this movie was that it was the most character driven film in the MCU till date. In particular, Hawkeye and Black Widow got the most of character shine. And, it didn't have much of Captain Marvel. As someone who feels awkward when she comes on screen, it was a good thing. It did a great job of serving the fans. So many crowd pleasing moments! I was literally jumping and whistling when I was watching this film, literally. The third act is full of those moments. Those moments do come along with really good character background, a story and excitement. All of these do not make complete sense, but at least they weren't blant. And, many parts are quite nostalgic. It has tried it's best to give every character a proper arc. Performances are incredible. I didn't even hate Don Cheadle in this movie. On the whole, it was insanely entertaining and has ridiculous amount of great moments to say the least.Mixed : It's not a spoiler to say it's a time travel film. While this plot device served a lot to give us a lot of crowd pleasing moments, each of which I really loved, the whole time travel part could've been even more epic and exciting than it was. There were parts in Infinity War where it jumped from plotline to plotline. This one does the same, but it looked more choppy here. Not necessarily a bad thing, a movie of this scale would have such problems. But it was a bit more distracting than before. I admit I liked many arcs given to the characters. But, they were still a bit illogical, in particular that of Steve Rogers. Many things were entertaining as hell, but still quite paradoxical.Bad : It's a time travel movie. It generates a lot many plot holes and inconsistencies. It uses time travel as an excuse for getting certain things done. It has the most generic issues of a non sci-fi time travel movie. The timeline surely is messed up now. I don't know how the time travel in this universe works and how certain things were amended due to all of these time travelling stuffs. May be I will never know. And Thanos. He was treated more like a mustache twirling villain, rather than how he was in Infinity War. The way his character ended was the most disappointing part of the movie. It feels as if it tries to be as big as Infinity War while it clearly isn't.Conclusion : You can and must watch this film. It's a film by the Russo Brothers, you can definitely count on them for an entertaining film, but this is perhaps their weakest film in the MCU. It isn't well paced as Infinity War is, but still gives all the moments you can wish for. Infinity War is a whole lot better than this film, but is still a worth watching flick. If you stop thinking about the inconsistencies time travel creates in this film, this will be a much better experience.Rating.Score : 8.9/10Grade : A"
"113","JamesAlvarez520","28 April 2019","
            7/10
            "," Eh
","Infinity War was way better. Endgame is super slow and even at times pretty boring. The third act somehow misses the mark and falls short of being the epic finale we've all been waiting for. Overall it was okay. It wasn't horrible. Definitely not the best either."
"114","adrenachrome","29 April 2019","
            3/10
            "," Lazy cop-out
","Do you remember your least favourite episodes from the Star Trek series?
You know the ones I'm talking about. They involve time travel.
Yup, when you have no idea how to fix the writing mess you've made, reach into your bag of hacks and pull out time travel.
So too have the writers of the latest Marvel film.
Worse yet, it's a mirror image of the previous Marvel Avengers film. Only this time, we have the heroes digging around in the past tracking down all the stones (as opposed to Thanos doing it) and a giant pointless CGI fight at the end (just like the last time around.)I couldn't figure out how the film was 3 hours long, until they started getting the stones, each section is played out seemingly just to pad the runtime. When the Hulk puts on the Iron-Man created infinity glove and snaps his fingers to bring everyone back, all the returned folks take it quite well, just a quip and a node of ""oh, we were dead, and now we're back? That's fine.""This film glosses over so many more interesting aspects of the plot in a rush to get to the CGI fest that is the end.Sure, the film will make billions from all the fans (and let's face it, this is for the fans only) but it doesn't deserve to. It's a hackneyed mess."
"115","SusieQCP","28 June 2019","
            9/10
            "," Just so disappointed!
","I expected so much from this film but just feel so disappointed by it. A poor and incoherent story with so many contradictions within it plus a total waste of my favourite character - amongst others (like Thanos himself). I did go and rewatch it in the cinema a second time and realised that, without all the excitement and expectation I went in with the first time I was just really really bored.It did have some nice ""moments"", especially the anticipated big fight towards the end. Some characters get a good inning - love Antman and, of course, Iron Man but this is my least favourite MCU film.And the ending...........sigh!"
"116","VitiFly","5 December 2021","
            9/10
            "," That is World Class
","Emotional, Power and Meaningfully.Remarkable, Memorable.JUST 11/10.Wow Marvel, Thanks for that
Absolutely loved it.#AvengersENDGAME. #MARVEL.What a Movie."
"117","ritchiep-56574","26 April 2019","
            8/10
            "," They had no right to do that
","First review from me. This film deserves it. A superhero film, marvel or not, does not have the right to send me on the emotional rollercoaster that End Game did. It has no right to do what it did, paying tribute to 10 years of films whilst changing the rules as to what a superhero film should be.I laughed, lots.
I cried, lots.
I cheered (quietly and internally of course), lots
I even punched the air in a ""go on!"" during one sceneI can honestly say, no film has ever moved me like that. Hours later, my heart was still pounding, the adrenaline still flowing from this epic piece of film making.Made by fans, for fans. Are there flaws? Yes. If you over think the story of course there is. But it works. It flows. It fits.Go with it. Enjoy the ride.Soak up every second, it doesn't feel like 3 hours, it feels like a flow of story reaching a conclusion that will shock and move you.I have nothing else to say.10/10. Well done Russo brothers. Well done!Fans! Assemble!"
"118","fonnyhariyanto","28 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," Great Ending For Avengers
","Wow, almost all the heroes in one place, what a great ending for avengers' movie. The old and the new scenes blended together with smoothly, i'm amazed. But the things that too weird for me, that the captain america was getting old, and he had given the shield to Sam with what purpose? maybe because his retirement (enjoyed life with his lovely one). My idol black widow faced her death just like gomora, Iron Man too because of all the stones, OMG, I'm very sad. Still i adore all Marvel's movies."
"119","bigpeas","9 October 2019","
            9/10
            "," Best movie I've seen in ages
","Let me start by saying THIS is how you wrap a saga!!!!
I loved this movie, it was an emotional rollercoaster from open to close, and a fitting way to pay tribute to the legend of Stan Lee."
"120","harj-41-607090","21 May 2019","
            8/10
            "," A fitting climax
","It's fair to say that this is a fitting climax not only to the avengers movies, but a large section of the Marvel universe. The film is action packed, generally keeps you at the edge of your seat, and remains faithful to the characters. It's long, but quite necessarily so."
"121","vautyodayoda","20 November 2023","
            7/10
            "," A near perfect end
","This films quality depends on how you watched it and who you are. If you watched most of the MCU up to this point like I did then this will be a revolutionary endgame that redefines all of film culture. Otherwise it seems rather bad and underwhelming. The film has a forward moving plot, great acting and some CGI actually worth looking at. This film didn't become the highest grossing movie of all time for no reason. It does have some obvious flaws tropes and plot holes but other than that acts as a brilliant finale to the infinity saga. Now don't watch the multiverse saga. It willn't ruin your opinion but they aren't good sequels either. All in all a film worth watching if you have watched the entire MCU up to that point, otherwise an okay film. And watch infinity war before you watch this, otherwise literally nothing will make sense."
"122","taz1004","30 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," Plot holes galore. Overrated.
","Believe it or not, I expected this storyline. That Thanos would destroy the stones and Avengers will move on until they find a way to travel back in time. I said I hope it wasn't using Quantum realm because it would be repeatable. And that's exactly what happened.The movie is plagued by plot holes. I will not go over all of them but I spent over an hour after the movie listing all the plot holes to my daughter. The biggest and the most ridiculous one is that the Avengers had only enough Pym particles for one round trip each. Movie made a big deal about this. But towards the end, Thanos uses one vial of Pym particle on his ship with everyone on board. With thousands of minion creatures on it. With no special ""Quantum"" suit or equipment. You mean to tell me Avengers could've just got on a vehicle and teleport all together with one vial? And with Hank Pym back now, they can time travel at will from now on. Or go back in time to get more just like they did in the movie. This completely ruins the Marvel Universe.Avengers can travel back in time where they first made the Ironman version of Infinity Gauntlet. Borrow it, defeat any villain with a snap, and return it to exact moment. Avengers of the past will understand since they did same thing when retrieving the stones.Also now everyone is Antman. Everyone can shrink, go to Quantum realm, and time travel. Nothing special about Antman now. These are just fraction of all the plot holes.There also was a huge plot hole fail in The Last Jedi when Holdo sliced Snoke's mothership by going lightspeed. Which ruined the Star Wars Universe. And these rivals that plot hole.Their version of time travel is a big mess too. It says past and future is not connected and changing past doesn't effect future but there are parts where it shows the new past effecting the future. And they were making fun of Back to the Future."
"123","nogodnomasters","29 April 2019","
            7/10
            "," 6 stones 3 teams 1 shot
","Minor spoilers.This is not the film I expected after the last Captain Marvel (Brie Larson). If you missed ""Ant-man and the Wasp"" that has an important tie-in. Brie Larson was in the film far less than expected. When you have so many Avengers on the screen at one time, it is hard for anyone to get a major part.After they did the Blues Brothers, we are getting the band back routine, they did a very awkward ""Back to the Future"" movie that did not work as well as planned. I expected Nebula would trick Thanos and get some stones followed by the mother of all battles led by Captain Marvel. They didn't make that film.The production had some good laugh lines and some hold back the tears moments. Not to give away too much, but it was rumored some stars didn't want to do the series anymore. They were given a Captain Kirk exit.And yes, there is, of course, the mother of all Avenger's battle which will be hard to top.Stan Lee as a driver."
"124","Hallelujah289","7 May 2019","
            2/10
            "," Decent, but doesn't deal with issues
","Mild spoilers ahead.After a while watching ""Avengers: Endgame,"" the conclusion seems foregone and all notion of the unpredictable is lost. From the movie flatlines into a series of resolutions for characters I am not that invested in. I suppose the alternative wouldn't sit well with fans, but somehow the previous Avengers film ""Avengers: Infinity War"" seems like a huge feint. The characters reset to their previous lives (mostly), but without a huge sense of insight into dealing with the type of issues Thanos represented (overpopulation) going forward. ""Avengers: Endgame"" is a disappointing non-answer to serious questions which had elevated ""Infinity War"" to something beyond a hero flick. But I don't see how the film's audience could've accepted a darker vision, and overall the writers did a good job with what they had, subverting some superhero tropes (hunky Thor got fat!) and answering some expectations for meaningful deaths. ""Avengers: Endgame"" is enjoyable Marvel fun but too conventional to be rewarding for film-goers wanting something important and lasting to be said. However it is a relief that some of the Marvel heroes have finally ended their franchise potential, and have done so at a good spot. Watch the film to find out who."
"125","RetroRick","3 August 2019","
            8/10
            "," downbeat, overblown & so so long. Cuts all your favourite characters down to size
","Maybe I would have enjoyed this more if I were a real Marvel fanboy, although from reading the other reviews I might well have cause to doub that, but as someone coming to this film through all the hype, and the knowledge that this has just outgrossed Avatar in terms of the box office I am simply astonished how lacklustre this film is.Sometimes I dislike a film, and rail against it while secretly having quite enjoyed it, the objection being to some aspect of the film which annoyed me, maybe something ideological or political. But despite Marvel increasingly taking a political line on many things there is really very little in this film - at least on the surface - that one could find objectionable about it. In many ways in fact it is very routine and unobjectionable. But problem mainly relates to the film's obesity & overblown nature combined with a manufactured self-indulgence that was just annoying to watch.With respect to the latter this is mainly with reference to the final battle (where everyone who's anyone in the Marvel Universe makes an appearance) and the tying up of things in the post-coital glow: I get that this has been a long, epic and much loved journey for many film-goers, and also that fans will want a proper send-off etc for their favourites, but unfortunately this is done really badly, & inconceivably in an abrupt & unsatisfactory way, something that is hard to account for given the massive length of a movie that unfortunately in every other respect never ceased to feel slow and lumbering.In this regard we get some major goodbyes at the end with respect to characters who in this film at least we have seen for a matter of seconds. Essentially making any sense of this requires us to reference the history of these films, something which is simply bad & indulgent writing.The massive assembly of characters, particularly at the end, is supposed to be one of the pulls of the film, but instead it serves to make their appearance superficial and works to diminish them as individuals. Just imagine meeting your favourite Marvel comic book hero in real life: well, by the end of this film that actually sounds like a rather dull prospect: the overblown nature of the wrap-up diminishes everyone. Bringing them all together simply works to cancel out teir uniqueness & makes their fantastic and in their own right typically overblown powers (Captain Marvel especially) seem prosaic in juxtaposition with each other.But a bit of indulgence could be forgiven if the story was worth anything much. Unfortunately compared to Infinity, there's really very little to it. The time travel aspect to it was too referential with respect to other movies (self-referentiality hasn't really worked well since the Scream movies). Sometimes with these types of movies you get fans duking it out on account of whether an idea is plausible or not. Maybe that has been happening but if so I'd be surprised; the narrative device never seems to be taken particularly seriously & for that reason it's difficult for the audience to take it very seriously: the time travel aspect is simply what needs to happen in order to sort the situation out & the writers simply come up with necessary justificiation & a few quips to let us know that they know we've seen it all before a hundred times.A part of the problem here is that the character motivations while there on paper never really felt that real. Renner's character was perhaps the most convincing in describing the bleakness of the post-Infinity world, but it never really seemed quite enough. Half the universe wiped out - something worse than the Black Death or Mongol destruction at its worth - but it never seems like that big a deal. A tighter script, maybe focussed more on an aggrieved Renner or equivalent might have made it seem real & genuinely high stakes.Beyond that there was very little in the movie that was simply enjoyable, in the switch off your mind & enjoy the ride variety. Thor has already been emasculated - he is simply a fat slob, & for reasons presumably relating to the next Thor film - he never recovers except to discover some meaningless cliche about being himself instead of who he should be. Nebula although good, has too much screen time. Downey's Iron Man is never his old self at any time. Peter Parker's ok but not present for much of the movie & superfluous to the plot. Captain Marvel is basically Superman but with unpleasant attitude instead of character & functions entirely as a deus ex machine - a narrative device pretty much synonymous with copping out & failing as a writer.The only two characters who have a likeable part in the film pretty much are Antman, who gets a surprisingly large part in this movie, & the Hulk, whose initial appearance as a composite of Bruce Banner & the Hulk himself is actually genuinly intriguing for a short time. Unfortunately even this latter innovation works to diminish the character in the final battle where we don't even have the pleasure of seeing the Hulk properly smash everything up. Ultimately what is the point of a Hulk who is fully in control of himself?This is just a bad overblown movie that seems to take pleasure in down-sizing it's heroes in anticipation of a new greatly diminished future"
"126","leopineda-92600","20 September 2020","
            8/10
            "," Sucks
","Extremely overhyped movie, loved by marvel fanboys only. Its insulting to say that its the best movie ever, if that was the case, human race would have failed and we all should be killed by a meteor."
"127","mahmus","26 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," A great conclusion
","Avengers: Endgame is not a perfect movie, but it feels like one. Every character get an end to their arcs, and the film itself is a great conclusion to 11 years of movies, all of which have led up to this. I wont spoil the actual plot for those who haven't seen it (the trailers have been incredible at not revealing anaything), but I will say that it is full of surprises, shocks, laughs and tears. The fact that the film manages to be THIS good more than makes up for its few flaws. The final battle is probably the most fan-pleasing, epic and emotionaly packed action sequence in any superhero movie; it was the culmiation if 11 years of characters we've come to love and care about. This is what superhero movies are all about."
"128","cricketbat","24 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," A well-made and well-deserved victory lap for the MCU
","Avengers: Endgame is a well-made and well-deserved victory lap for the Marvel Cinematic Universe. It ties in many different storylines from previous films and allows you to reminisce while also saying goodbye to characters you've known and loved. This film has some flaws, of course, but it also made some bold choices and surprised me a number of times. I laughed. I cried. I loved this finale to the Infinity Saga."
"129","antonygogo","12 January 2020","
            10/10
            "," Epic.. yes! Phenomenal.. Yes! Amazing.. yes! But better from infinity war? Don't think so!
","This movie was really good. I remember my self screaming at the movies sooooo bad along with every other fan! I watched this movie 2 times at the cinema! It was something else! But still something was missing! I don't know what but I gotta say that infinity war was superior! At least for me!"
"130","alessandropellegrino","16 July 2019","
            10/10
            "," Wonderful Movie
","A perfect film in everything, never boring and a wonderful ending"
"131","slightlymad22","29 December 2019","
            6/10
            "," I Am Iron Man!!
","I just rewatched Avengers: EndgameAfter 11 years, this is it.... And they pretty much stuck the landing. It borrows heavily from Back To The Future 2, and that's not a bad thing, they even mention Back To The Future.I loved Thor's hammer going to Cap (goosebumps), but I think my favourite part was when Peter Parker first sees Tony Stark, and he starts telling everything that has happened and Tony, so happy to see him, gives him the biggest hug, and despite being shocked at first, Peter cuddles into him and says ""mmmm this is nice"" I actually liked Captain Marvel in this movie. Considerably more than I did in Captain Marvel. I enjoyed Nebula too.I thought fat Thor was funny to start with, but they should have done away with it, by the midway point, the GIRL POWER scene was Cringe-worthy!! I though Don Cheadle's jokes fell flat EVERY time!! Given the situations he makes them, his jokes are awful and badly timed.There are plenty of plot holes and problems with it, The time travel was a lot of fun, but it opens up such a can of worms. Especially the ending, In End Game you can't change your future, by changing the past, as it sinply creates new timelines. Yet Cap decides to stay in the past with Peggy and grows old to meet back up with the team at the end, with all his current knowledge. I'm happy he ended up with Peggy, but it totally went against his character, are we really meant to believe he could just sit idly by as all the bad things happened around him?? It was pretty established that wasn't something he could do. He also stopped Peggy marrying the man who she would marry and have kids with. Changing his life and stopping their children being born.Finally I have to talk about Robert Downey Jr, he IS the MCU!! If the first Iron Man (which worked mainly because of Downey Jr's performance) movie didn't work, there would be no MCU!! And what a way for him to go.... ""I am Iron Man!!"" I'm not going to lie, I cried when he died, in fact I cried a few times. I think it was 4 times in total.Dear, MarvelIf you can arrange for Thor to be in GOTG Vol 3 that would be great."
"132","jlcanislupus","27 April 2019","
            9/10
            "," Some good things but overall disappointing
","Oh boy, letÂ´s go, then: Avengers: Endgame was one of the movie I was REALLY anxious to see. After IW, the bar was really high. So, I though the bar would be as high or even higher. Unfortunately I was wrong. IÂ´ll make my opinion this way:POSITIVES:Acting was superb, in general, but RDJ's was top.CGISoundtrackNEGATIVES:First one and simply put...this is not an action movie, itÂ´s a drama with some scenes of action. When you go to an action movie you donÂ´t hear many people crying during the movie, do you?Pace too slow. The first 2 hours are quite boring. Then you get some 20 minutes of good action;So, the villain that was unbeatable in the first movie is killed in the first minutes of the movie? Right...Time travel usually gives some headaches after. That are several in this movie, like future Nebula killing the past Nebula and still, being able to exist all the same;The way they treated Hulk again was a joke. In the last movie it was offensive. In this, you have a nice smart Hulk, that barely fights;The way they treated Thor. Now his beard is massive, he doesnÂ´t take bath and mostly, heÂ´s a fat drunk;Too much time was spent on Haweye. Who cares about him?Remember how hard was to beat Thanos with IG? Forget it, know Thor, Cap (with ThorÂ´s Mjolnir) and Iron Man canÂ´t beat him, even with Thanos not having the IG. In fact, not even the OP Captain Marvel can do it. The only one was SW;Captain Marvel, every time she appears, shows how much powerful she is. But, forget it, sheÂ´s out about 97% of the movie;The gathering of the team was forced and lame;Quill has little time. Just some few minutes;Dr. Strange and SW have even less time;Cap. and Stark interaction was short, as usual;Pepper now is kind of a Iron Woman. She appears in the final battle...! What???;Hulk could handle the IG, but they had to put Iron Man due it in order to kill him. Sorry, thatÂ´s too much for me.Such a massive of opportunity they had here. They could even given us a better movie than IW..."
"133","mladen1987","27 April 2019","
            6/10
            "," An entertaining and good ending of the era
","Let's face it, the movie is good and entertaining, well made with a few holes. Currently the score is that high ( more than 9) due to the hype, but the real score is around 7.I was expecting more dramatic ending and more deaths to be honest, but Marvel are too kind, so they would never do that.There were a few holes, like how the f did they discover the time travel within a few minutes? Something so complicated and impossible was discovered within a few minutes movie time. They should have spent more time on that.Thor was funny indeed but they really ruined the character, made him a monkey-like troll.A big ship was teleported and broke the entire building's ceiling , but nobody heard that? What?There are other details that were neglected, but I am not Rotten Tomatoe , I won't bash on the movie just because of a few things.As I said , the movie is well-made, good, entertaining, enjoy it.My score : 7/10"
"134","shweta-51657","24 April 2019","
            3/10
            "," Dont even try- NOTHING will prepare you
","I laughed, I cried, I exclaimed, I cried, I laughed, I cried and then I kept crying.Rest assured, the writers do these characters every justice they deserve, by closing long running arcs beautifully, albeit, sadly. It is a painful goodbye to the Infinity Arc but they've done it superbly. The endgame of over 22 films, a saga spanning 11 years has culminated into something so powerful, so awe inspiring on the screen, I urge every one to watch it to feel firsthand, the beauty, the pain and triumph of our heroes.The movie picks up right where the previous left off. It allows the viewer some time to cope with the devastation wrecked by Thanos in the previous film. It is remarkable and therefore worth noting that every trailer issued for this movie comes in the first 20 mins of the movie and hence everything afterwards is such a whirlwind. The movie gives nod to some of our favourite moments in the past films and still continues to give.You will have many naysayers. Dont listen to them. The movie is powerful. The effects, the music, the story, the emotions. Its honestly a hell of a ride.Stan Lee is up there somewhere, smiling. And we too will learn to smile through our tears."
"135","simonfineart","23 June 2019","
            10/10
            "," Meh
","After all the hype, I expected to be extremely wowed. But I left feeling kind of meh. It was extremely long and dragged in several places. I felt like Infinity War was better overall. Good movie but seriously overhyped."
"136","botev1921","1 May 2019","
            10/10
            "," Great movie, horrible story and even worse ending to it!
","Don't get me wrong, the movie is actually solid in terms of acting and special effects, being it way too long. The big issue here is that 'Infinity War' raised the bar so high, this is just an unworthy sequel. In three hours of movie, you actually get some credible story for no more than 10 minutes. The time-travel solution always looked likely but how it developed was way too predictable. There are way too many plot holes and easy way outs for the story to actually go where it is supposed to go. Some of the heroes are conveniently placed in certain situations out of nowhere and the impending happy ending is always pretty clear to whoever puts some thought rather than just trying to be entertained! I would not watch this again, probably never, unlike 'Infinity War'."
"137","stevenkoenig-16040","5 May 2019","
            10/10
            "," I don't understand the hype
","I don't understand the hype behind this movie or most of the Marvel movies. I went into this movie open minded after hearing everyone tell me how great it was and after the first hour and a half I was bored. It's almost as if Marvel has started to make comedy movies rather than super hero action movies. Now I am fine with having some comic relief but holy hell. For starters, they completely ruined the Hulk and Thor who are two of the most powerful and captivating characters. I don't understand why they just decided to have the Hulk become a big joke of a character but they did. I thought his main thing was that he was angry all the time which made him way more interesting than a science nerd but ok I guess so. Then they decide to make Thor just a slob that drinks beer and plays fortnite. I saw Korg holding the controller and thought to myself ""if they are playing fortnite this movie is embarrassing"" and believe it or not they were. I could not believe it when I saw what they did to Thor. The God of Thunder and King of Asgard has a mid life crisis after losing to Thanos when he has 1000 years of being a battle tested warrior and is now an overweight bum and is that for the ENTIRE MOVIE.
The other thing in this movie that made me mad was that they tried to force all of these character relationships onto the viewer. I do not care about Hawkeye and Black Widows weird romance/friendship because as far as I can see, they are both kinda useless in the grand scheme of things. Honestly they both probably should have died in the first avengers but we will blame plot armor for that one. I also do not care about captain America and Peggy's relationship or Tony Starks new family that is a thing when the movie just jumps ahead in tome 5 years. This is probably because I think Pepper is one of the most annoying movie character of all time.
The last thing I will rant about is the fighting. For a 3 hour movie you would expect to see some cool fight scenes but no. We got a bunch of fast moving shots and a lot of different characters running with the gauntlet. To make matters worse, Thanos was just so not intimidating in the slightest. It's almost as if he stood 0 chance and everyone knew it. Overall this movie was 3 hours of superheroes sitting around telling some dumb jokes that people think are hilarious for some reason and then winning the battle with little trouble.
Other problem with the movie:
1. Bucky should have gotten Captains shield
2. Time travel? Really. Stark figures out time travel in 30 minutes after 5 years of sitting around and it works without any problem besides when captain America fought his past self and somehow nobody in the building saw it.
3. Thor joining the guardians is cool but also WTF
4. Captain Marvel should have just stayed with the avengers and try to fix the problem rather than run off to other planets and come back at very convenient times. Total cop out
5. The hulk should have fought thanos. Total blown opportunity"
"138","prostatus-05664","28 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," Fun and cool ending but overall overhyped
","Movie wasnt bad but it was def overhyped..Ending was great..Cant really beat Cap saying ""Avengers Assemble"" but still..Hawkeye I thought too much screen time..Some parts were generally boring, probably not enough action overall IMO..Beginning was kind of boring I thought..I definitley liked Infinity War better..Expected a lot more after IW but this didnt live up to what I had hoped for but meh I'll still go see it again so somehow it wins in the end..lol ðŸ¤£ðŸ¤£ðŸ¤£"
"139","pmc69","7 May 2019","
            8/10
            "," not as good as infinity war
","Film was very good but had some lazy writing and scenes, ironmans death was very sad, all in all a very good film but not as good as infinity war"
"140","mahardikaitokid","24 April 2019","
            9/10
            "," Most Beautiful Marvel Movie.
","Just watch it by yourself. This movie has more deep story, and will mix all your feelings as well. Thanks god nowadays kid has a great role model for them and thanks god that i was born into this era when this Comic Book Movie exist."
"141","monks_89","24 April 2019","
            6/10
            "," Perfection
","Unbelievable. For Marvel to pull this tour de force of a film is unreal. 21 films. 21 films culminating in the conclusion of endgame. The scope is incredible, I will only say it's definitely one of the best Marvel films out there, and there are many. I don't want to spoil anything. Watch it!"
"142","Avwillfan89","24 April 2019","
            8/10
            "," An epic, beautiful and heart-wrenching finale to the whole franchise.
","The trailers to this film are completely misleading. It painted a bleak, inevitable outcome for the surviving heroes after Thanos's devastating snap that left the whole universe in ruins.It goes into a completely different direction than I originally expected. For one thing, it's much funnier than I thought.
It's also nothing like Infinity War. It's basically a mix of many other marvel movies all wrapped into one epic heist film.Its lengthy time run does get a bit problematic at times, but by the time the climactic battle sequence comes by the end, you forget all about it. Those who had been disappointed or despondent by Infinity War will rejoice when seeing this one.The film is a true testament to sacrifice, love and loss. Obviously I laughed, I cried and I clapped. This is truly cinematic history."
"143","wienke-38620","26 April 2019","
            7/10
            "," Not what I expected or hoped for
","Amended after re-watching:
First the good:
1. Big fight scene was epic and was great to see everyone on screen at the same time . Amazing stuff.
2. Favorite part - Cap handles Thor's hammer. Just outstanding and emotional.
Ok, now the not so good:
1. Captain Marvel. Why they make the biggest and baddest superhero someone we haven't grown to love over the previous decade is baffling. And beyond that, Brie Larson is just unlikeable. But seriously, if she could take Thanos on head to head by herself and blow up his ship in seconds, why not let her wear the gauntlet? Lastly, going out of their way to let you know she's a lesbian was a bit much. You don't need a short haircut and ugly clothes just because you're gay. Plenty of attractive lesbians out there, but whatever. Brie butchers the role regardless.
2. Professor Hulk - did anyone like this adaptation? We've grown to love seeing Hulk smash and in both this and Infinity Wars, not one single fight scene with him smashing. Just sad.
3. Fat Thor - ok, fine, Chris Hemsworth can pull off the comedy really well, and I enjoy it when he does, but the whole movie we get the Big Lebowski? I would have much rather seen him back in shape magically from reconnecting with Mjolnir. In the end, he was still extremely awesome, so that was fine, but I just don't see the point of making him fat for the whole movie.
4. Time travel - is anyone besides me sick of every Sci-fi show using time travel to fix everything? If you're going to do it, at least take full advantage. We had the opportunity to see one on one fights with Thanos' Black Squad. How about Hulk going primal against the big guy (and even hurting Thanos some). Dr, Strange rematch with Ebony Maw, etc., etc. on the end, I think they could have cut some of the boring first hour and given us more action fight scenes that we've come to know Marvel for.In closing, the movie was still really good. I guess my expectations were just so high as they were closing out the phase that the changes with Hulk, Thor, and introduction of Captain Marvel just seemed misplaced and took away a lot of what I had come to love about the franchise. Still better than anything DC has managed to throw together."
"144","Weirdo-Magnet","8 May 2019","
            2/10
            "," NOT what i was expecting.
","After seeing Infinity War i was so excited to see this movie. I must say i was rather disappointed. This movie was not awful, there are some really good scenes but there were so many things that annoyed me.
Thor - he was literally turned into a joke. Ruined his entire character and back story,.
Hulk - did he actually do anything? No! absolutely ruined his character. After being useless in the last movie i honestly thought he would redeem himself in this one. It does not happen.
Captain Marvel - Why create such a powerful character then miss her out of 90% of the movie? When she does finally appear i was expecting an epic fight scene between her and Thanos...... no! nothing. They literally have a little scuffle and that's the end of it. Then you don't see her again until the very end of the movie.
The time travel story made no sense - i can't even begin to type about that.you'll see if/when you watch. I will just say this - The Thanos the Avengers were fighting was based before all of the Avengers movies - which means after killing him, the first movies would never have happened. thats just one.
The first half of the movie was a little slow paced, i was thinking ""is something going to happen"". The end battle was good but it was WAY too short and there was so much going on that I couldn't concentrate on one thing. Plus i do not understand how Thanos was so powerful without the infinity stones.
The weapon Thor created in Infinity war was capable of killing Thanos but, for some reason Thor couldn't defeat him with not one, but 2 weapons. Speaking of weapons, I hated the fact that Captain America was able/worthy of wielding Thor's hammer - NO! its Thor's weapon. I felt like it took power away from the characters.
Like i said - not awful, but nowhere near as good as Infinity War (which i would rate a 9). I rated this movie a 6 because that's an average rating, and i think this movie is average."
"145","s_pablo","25 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," Is it a great film? Does it matter?
","No one goes to see a comic book movie expecting to see an art house film. It happens sometimes but it is not the normal. What you expect to see is a fun movie with some philosophical concept and some emotional depth, comic books were never just about the action. So is this a great film? I don't care. Watching it I never stopped to think if there are plot holes or if the cinematography is good, I just enjoyed it. And enjoyed almost everything about it. The Russo brothers are not the new Goddard or the new Bergman (or even the new Spielberg) but they are talented and intellectual people, they had a goal and they delivered by not only doing fan service but also story service. The MCU has a great future.So, is it a great film? Comparing it with cinematic masterpieces I could give it a 6-7/10. Comparing it with other blockbuster movies I could give it a 12/10, it's that good..."
"146","Bill-Metallinos","27 April 2019","
            8/10
            "," Infinity War Parody: Bad Script, Big Plot Holes, Nothing New
","The Movie was more like an ""Infinity War Parody"" movie that the Epic Grand Final.Ok, there was an 8 minutes of action at the end, but nothing like the Plot or the action of Infinity War.There was almost nothing to remember from that movie, except the Black Widows death and the final battle while on ""Infinity War"" I can recall so many Epic Moments. There is no need for a second watch.-Thor and Hulk are more like a Parody than the smart fun quotes or people with psychological problems. Both was wasted in the movie.
They could give us some points using B.A.R.F. for Banners/Hulk problems.-Everything was so easy, 2024 Thanos killed just like that, and everything goes so easy.-So Captain America can have the Power of Old-fathers... Why is that? Ok he can hold Mjolnir but where did he find the Odin Force?-Tony Stark build the Time Machine so quickly and so easy, in just 10sec was render and done. And why? Because Ant-man says that he was 5 hours and for you 5 years. To good to be true, it needs more time just to be believed by the audience. It needs more reactions between Stark and Pym Particle and Ant-man to be more realistic.-Too much useless dialogs to put un in the emotional filings of the characters in the first 1,5 hour they could show are how Banner became Professor Hulk, or they can give more screen time in how Stark build the Time machine or the Stark gauntlet. Why Thanos use Uru metall while Stark just use Vibranium. At least they can use the Uru metall from the old destroyed Mjolnir in Norway.-So Thanos Blade can destroy Vibranium Shield (is his Blade from Uru? ) but If the Shield is broken how Older Captain America got his Shield back again in the End?
Lets say, Old Captain America is from an alternate timeline, so how he is in the same timeline with this one? Was there all the time hidden in all Marvel history?
Captain America was 100 but looks like 30, but he age up only 10 years in 70 years with the serum. So going back to '50s and life his life there now he must be 170, so he mush look like 40 years old, and not like 70 years old. (like Bucky, he didn't age at all, all this years). So Captain America live his life in '50s, '60s, '70s, etc till 2024 he show up with Vibranium Shield.
Where did he fund it? is it from an alternate timeline, and how ends up in that Timeline?-So Nebula from 2024 kills Nebula from 2014 but she doesn't get kill or disappear at all. So perhaps she is from an alternate timeline. But Old Captain American isn't from alternate timeline but his Shield is from alternate timeline. Also, every character that enters the Quantum realm should be an alternate timeline of him self... but they aren't.
So why there is alternate timeline in some characters and alternate timeline in some others. Thats Bad script with lot of Plot Holes.-During the movie lots of the times there was a change in history, but the movie didn't show a clue about them. But still they show to us Older Captain America waiting for them near the lake.-There was no surprise in anything, or nothing Epic at all. Nothing memorial. Just and alternate timeline white-out being into the plot of the other movies.
it would be nice if there was a script that will embed all the timeline of the MCU movies and revail how some things really happent.
They just wrote a script and mess up everything with out count on it, just to have another movie.-So, they broke up all the containers of the Infinity stones... How they are going to take them back ? How they will take Space stone back to '50s without the container?
And if it is an alternate timeline, why they should take them back anyway? Who cares about the alternate timeline... certainly not the Script writers of the movie.-So the Mind stone and the Soul Stones stays on 2024, all others goes back to the past. The Space Stone end up to an alternate timeline to Locki. But Thanos never collect the rest of them so Aether is still with the collector and time stone with Strange. Zandar got the Powerstone.
But still none of them change anything in the timeline but is should... just like Old Captain America was there in 2024.
-The big fight in the end was a big mess. There was two big Ant-mans.
When Thanos Spaceship brake down by C.Marvel it destroys all the Water barrier so everyone should be drawn (Strange block up just a small one before that).-So, if Stark gauntlet is part of Stark Armor and made with Friday AI, Why just don't Friday disassemble the gauntlet and fly away when Thanos wears it?
Anyway, there are so many that I can write. hope in the future Marvel will make a Real Timetravel Movie. That wasn't so real, just an alternate timeline timetravel movie with only Old Captain America as 'Timetravel Paradox'."
"147","declanleader","8 September 2019","
            10/10
            "," Just rubbish
","Three hours wasted, was about as good as declawing my dog and at least I like the dog. The storyline was terrible, and for many blatantly obvious reasons made no senses, to make matters worse it seemed to have more holes in it, than my old gym socks. Yes I know all the good guys weren't going to make it, everyone knew that, I actually hoped a few wouldn't make it, and that's not what I care about, this movie was rubbish it labored three hours to get to the point of dead good guys/bad guys then victory and bang happy ever after for two minutes then over. This is going straight in the never watch again list, unless trapped on a plane in which case fingers crossed for a parachute, but will jump without one."
"148","christianyogendran-15663","21 August 2020","
            8/10
            "," Not a good movie...
","This is just my opinion, Infinity War was way better than this movie.Infinity War had a bunch of epic scenes throughout the whole 2.5 hours. Endgame was basically like a drama for the majority of the movie, but then it only got epic once all the Avengers reunited.Rest in peace Iron Man..."
"149","cwt-73297","29 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," Amazing Final Film in the MCU's Infinity Saga (NO SPOILERS)
","The 22-movie Infinity Saga of the MCU comes to a close in its best film yet. Avengers: Endgame is everything we wanted and more. It's hilarious, it's action-packed, and has one of the best scenes I've ever seen in a superhero film, let alone any movie. It's full of fan service and nods to the previous films. I don't really have any issues with the film, at least those that are not spoilers anyway. If I had one non-spoiler issue with the film it would be fact that the first hour is a bit slow but afterwards it picks up and never stops. Really any complaints I have with this film is shut out by everything else. My complaints are just nitpicks. It fits its three hour runtime very well and provides a highly satisfying end to the 11 year saga that began with Iron Man in 2008. The MCU has set a new direction and I can't wait to see what happens next."
"150","dabthomsen","18 December 2021","
            8/10
            "," Amazing but hearth wrenching
","Endgame has such a special place in my heart, it's so beautiful, but at the same time so painful to watch. The storyline is overall amazing and the characters is so amazing. Everything about this movie is incredible. This movie has it all , those cute comforting scenes, action scenes and fights, those scenes when you just can't stop crying it has it all. Endgame is such an experience. This movie is and I think will always be the turning point of marvel."
"151","mokhfimohssine","20 May 2019","
            6/10
            "," Best
","Best movi ever tony starn is a legend iron man legend cap legend"
"152","gollwog","24 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," Fitting End
","Despite what others may say or have said this film was far from predictable. I certainly lost my bets. I both laughed and cried during this film.
I loved every minute and none of those minutes were wasted. The writers outdid themselves on this one. I just hope the next ten years can live up to the first.
Here's hoping."
"153","MovieFan53424","17 November 2021","
            7/10
            "," An epic conclusion film to the Infinity Saga
","This film did nearly every Marvel/MCU fan justice. To see the epic conclusion of the Infinity Saga spanning for over 10 yearsThe film itself is great. The usual cast and crew teamed up to produce such an awesome film. The story could've maybe been more exciting during the middle. But that climax scene, wow! Definitely watch this film (but you need to watch every MCU film first)"
"154","felyme","24 April 2020","
            1/10
            "," Fantastic but too long
","Good story. Exciting battle. Marvel fans mustn't have been spoiled before watching this. But it may be not so friendly to newcomers. If the 181 minutes were full of excitements that would be definitely ok but actually there're a significant amount of quiet and peaceful moments, puzzling people who watch Marvel film for the first time. I don't know how would a Marvel fan judge them."
"155","CriticalThinking2","30 April 2019","
            9/10
            "," So much potential lost ....
","After Infinity War I had huge expectations. Unfortunately I think it doesn't follow the comic book at all because they wanted some kind of closure of the story.
I saw a lot of 10 star reviews and I cannot believe the majority of people like this movie more than Infinity War.
I'm not saying it wasn't entertainment to watch but the feeling is that all heroes were forced to fit in a movie paying a big price to the story.
There are moments in the movie where the rules from all other Marvel movies are broken and characters which were build over hours of screen time were reduced in order to make space for others.
The story is average at best with big flaws."
"156","Mysterygeneration","21 December 2021","
            10/10
            "," Say goodbye to the old member six, folks.
","Where ""Infinity War"" created havoc, ""Avengers: Endgame"" promised closure. The film is jam-packed with re-enactments of previous films' relationships. It practically requires that viewers do their homework by watching (or rewatching) a dozen previous films. The emphasis switches from lavish, effects-driven demonstrations of universe-saving heroism to the more personal cost of heroism. It establishes that whoever possesses the six all-powerful Infinity Stones may accomplish almost anything by just snapping their fingers. Because there is so much territory to cover in the film, it skips over introductions and presents Captain Marvel's entrance as a foregone conclusion."
"157","Venge","6 May 2019","
            9/10
            "," A Movie That Took Itself Far Too Seriously
","Avengers: Endgame forgot that it was just a superhero, and suffered from trying to be far too ""epic"". Along the way, it lost the brisk pace and light humor that brightened up the first two movies of the series, as it tried to do too much, with too many characters, over too many needless scenes. The whole thing felt overly drawn out. 30 minutes of this film could easily have found it's way onto the cutting room floor, and the movie would have been stronger for it.In many ways, it was like the writer's of this installment lost their touch. The fat Thor joke was funny for the first 5 minutes, but they kept coming back to it again and again and again. Ya, ya, we know he got fat and lazy. Ha, ha. Now move on! But at least the overweight, drunken Thor gave us something to chuckle about, as there was very little else of a lighter, funny nature in this over-serious marathon of a movie.There was also far too much posing. A good example of this was during the huge final battle, with the fate of the world, nay the entire galaxy, hanging in the balance .... and all the female superheroes found the time to line up for a photo op! What was that all about? From across a battlefield that stretched over seemingly several square miles, all the female superheroes left whatever they were doing, in order to travel clear to where all the other female superheroes were, so that they could stand shoulder to shoulder and go ""Ok, girls, now that we're all here, lets look really serious and determined for the camera! Now, Charge!Ya, way overdone and unnecessary.As was the final funeral for .... SPOILER ALERT!! .... Ironman. I mean, come on. All that was needed was a nicely written 5 minute scene around his grave, or perhaps a memorial. What the movie didn't need was a 20 minute movie within a movie, tagged on to the end of what was already a very long film.But that was the story of this movie. Many scenes seemed overplayed and overwritten, and just a shade too long. I still enjoyed the movie, and still gave it a 7, but it could have been so much better if it had just relaxed and been more like the movies that had gotten us here. It simply tried too hard to be the greatest superhero movie of all time, and as a result, fell far short."
"158","danielaustin-735-484497","21 August 2019","
            9/10
            "," What a disappointment!! Really poor.
","After infinity war which IMO is the best of all the avenger movies, I was really looking forward to the conclusion.Well, what a disappointment. The story made no sense at all. There was no character progression with Thor almost non existence! How can this be with him being the almighty god of thunder commanding the bi-frost in infinity war?!That pace or the movie was slow and boring, the acting lethargic with a real lack of fun.I found myself forwarding large chunks of this movie just to get to something good!The ending was a total shambles and pathetic! Total Hollywood cheese which really didn't work.They will no doubt make another Captain America movie so why end it like that? Passing the title of CA to someone else when they don't even have superpowers?!!The more I think about it the worse it is.Just a money making ending with no thought or direction.Should have left it with infinity war."
"159","bipindongol","2 September 2019","
            10/10
            "," Boring, trash
","Infinity war was better than this garbage. 3hrs
Seriously"
"160","BlueSkies765","30 November 2019","
            10/10
            "," Tour de force
","Everybody, I mean everybody was in this movie. Endgame is basically an epic superhero movie. It will be interesting to see if they can ever top this on this kind of scale.I regret not seeing Avengers in the theater. This is the type of movie that needs to be watched on the big screen. I avoided it because I thought it was hype and only for the most diehard fans. However I think moviegoers who aren't really into this genre can appreciate Endgame.It's got a lot of fun action. The action scenes were good the movie has some events which kept it from becoming predictable. There were many stories which kept it exciting. I liked the bond between the hero's. The jokes were funny and it really felt like a family.The visuals looked amazing. From the spaceships to the planets the CGI was flawless. I loved it. It showed that the creators put their heart and soul into making this movie. Avengers Endgame is an absolute treat."
"161","yls-53072","21 May 2020","
            7/10
            "," Avengers: Endgame
","A woman, who has lived and died in the flesh and blood of mortals, has never had a real family, never really been with someone she likes, and finally gave her life for the world. She died so far away, and there was not even a decent funeral after her death. Her friends almost didn't mention her after a short period of grief like no one else In the end, when someone is remembered all over the world, she almost seems to have never existed. Can it be worse?"
"162","austincoleman-66971","26 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," Speechless
","The only word I could muster after the screen cut to black was ""Unbelievable.""The Marvel Cinematic Universe is an achievement in film like we've never seen before, and Avengers: Endgame is the perfect culmination of this journey we have been on over the last decade. I genuinely cannot comprehend a more perfect way to end this story along with several character arcs.Endgame takes all of the best things from the previous 21 films and packs them seamlessly into the 3-hour runtime that still somehow leaves you wanting more.
All of the main characters give pinnacle performances here (one in particular, which you might have a guess but I will refrain from saying here).Hours later, I am still mostly speechless. Nothing else I can put into words will be able to do this film justice. You simply have to experience it for yourself.If you're a lifelong Marvel fan, you will swoon over this film. It will touch your heart. It will go down in history. Now stop what you're doing and go experience Avengers: Endgame."
"163","Richie-67-485852","2 May 2019","
            7/10
            "," ENDGAME?
","I remember when Superman died and how in the comic book world there was shock, dismay and great out cry necessitating him coming back. It served the purpose of hooking the audience and holding them captive. The same thing was applied to Spock dying in Star Trek again proving successful in generating fan response and revenue. Before Endgame came out and I only had the second movie to go by, I knew they all had to come back and I also knew that time travel played a part in it as there are only so many ways to come back. Sure enough, Endgame time-traveled and brought them back. The formula still works. Logically speaking, Disney didn't spend mutli-billions to kill everyone off however in the comic book world of which I keep reminding myself that anything is possible they can get away with these things. Knowing this before hand diminished my enjoyment of the Endgame but it wasn't limited to just that either. I am watching after everyone is brought back and they still couldn't defeat Thanos as a group or individually and that is without the stones mind you. With the stones they prevail making the stones more important than any Marvel character known. Before you vote on my sharing, be advised I have been reading comics for decades and was raised in that world and even collected them. I support and encourage the comic book world but would like them to keep it closer to reality than all-out fantasy suspension of major beliefs. One last thing. They keep using God as in OMG or other variations which totally contradicts the comic book world. That shouldn't be in the script for GOD is the ultimate super-hero and his comic would outsell everyones. Keep it real and I'll keep coming back."
"164","mattpascoeiow","10 July 2019","
            1/10
            "," One of Hollywood's defining moments
","A breathtaking experience. Marvel played it's top trump card and blew alway any competition from start to finish. The battle scene is simply one of the if not greatest pieces of cinema ever. But it kept on giving after this. Anyone who gives this film less than a 10 is selling it extremely short."
"165","ylshu-02284","16 May 2020","
            8/10
            "," Avengers: Endgame
","What I like: it's a good ending. It's connected with the previous plot. It's about the past and the future, reality and memory, emotion and choice. What I don't like: there are too many boring slogans; there is too much discord in the existence of the surprise captain, and there is no such shock in the trailer."
"166","ClearAllSpam","28 April 2019","
            9/10
            "," Good at times, but got boring.
","Honestly: at the 2 hour mark i was checking my watch to try and figure out how much more I had to put up with before it made sense.
The storyline was sporadic, and bounced around so much that it just got confusing and boring.
I have no intent, nor interest, to watch it again"
"167","harrymartin-54768","16 October 2019","
            10/10
            "," Avengers at their best!
","This movie picks up after the devestating events of infinity War that wiped out half of all living creatures.
In this movie you can really feel a sense of urgency from the avengers. And the way the characters are taken is all very pleasing. The acting is some of the best in an avengers film. The 3 hour run time is not a problem what's ever and I could've happily sat watching it for 5 or even 6 hours without feeling it dragging on."
"168","cliftonofun","5 May 2019","
            10/10
            "," A fitting climax
","Well, it finally happened: I got emotional during a Marvel movie. Sorry, not sorry. This film truly was a fitting conclusion to a decade of MCU films. While it was a classic action sequel, it was also filled with surprises, homages, laughs, and emotional moments. Unfortunately, that's a LOT to accomplish in one movie (hence the 3 hour runtime). Fortunately, almost all of it worked. They wanted to bring 22 movies to an epic climax...mission accomplished. I'm not sure that I would put this one alongside the best stand alone MCU chapters (Winter Soldier, Black Panther, Ragnarok, Iron Man, etc.), but it somehow pulled all those movies together in a pretty magical way. I complain a lot about the comic book-ification of film, but I can also recognize the accomplishment that is the MCU."
"169","npfares","29 June 2019","
            10/10
            "," Good concept, poor execusion
","The idea of the film is there. What killed the movie overall was the writing and the poor choices made by the director. I get that they wanted to pander to the younger kids that were 12 or younger but went to ridiculous lengths to do so that killed any reason for anyone over the age of 30 to like it beyond being happy that their children liked it."
"170","Iam-Not-In-Danger-Iam-The-Danger","15 February 2020","
            10/10
            "," Endgame
","There isn't too much in the way of suspense or surprises when it comes to the story, but there are some shocking moments and funny lines in this epic finale. Again, like many of the best Marvel films, the holes and flaws are covered up with humor and fan service, making everything okay. That being said, I did prefer Infinity War to this film, which really misses the leads of the other Marvel franchises that were ""snapped"" out. Overall, however, there are only a few ways you can wrap up the main story of the MCU, and this was a solid direction."
"171","Top_Dawg_Critic","26 April 2019","
            6/10
            "," Excellent sequel!
","The almost 3 hours flew by with great writing and effects, and the change of the characters lives made it that much more entertaining - especially Thor! Better than I expected, and a wee bit better than the last film imo. 9/10"
"172","sweidman-28016","4 May 2019","
            10/10
            "," Spoiler Free Review
","Avengers: Endgame (SPOILER FREE) Review:After the devastating events of Avengers: Infinity War (2018), the universe is in ruins. With the help of remaining allies, the Avengers assemble once more in order to undo Thanos' actions and restore order to the universe. Avengers: Endgame is literally one of, is not the, most anticipated film ever. This review is probably going to be shorter since its spoiler free and I have to be vague. I should have a spoiler review up soon (Monday is apparently the day we can talk about the spoilers according to the Russo Brothers). So this is a little late. I saw it last week Saturday and just saw it again last night. I wanted to see if it had the same effect as it did on first viewing. I'm pleased to say that I absolutely loved this film and even more than Infinity War. It's a great story that brings all 22 films in the Infinity Saga to a bittersweet end. The plot is much darker than any Marvel film. The first act was a drama where they're all realizing the events of what happened and it gets a good perspective for the audience. We saw in Infinity War that it affected the superheroes and some people but it makes us all think of the entire universe. It's tragic really. This is also when we get the most character development in any of the films. We see their true feelings. Now I could go on and on about how there wasn't a single bad performance by anyone, but I would like to talk about one. I'm currently on the petition that Robert Downey Jr. should get an Oscar nomination or at least a Golden Globe nomination for his performance. I believe this is his peak performance and he put all his emotions into it. The scenes at the beginning and end are his best though. Some brought me to tears. It's a very emotional film and I don't know how one could go in to it with at least tearing up. So Stephen McFeely and Christopher Markus, amazing job with the script. No line felt out of place. Everything came off natural. And also the Russo Brothers did their finest work directing and they're some of the best right now. There's so much to say about those but that's all I can say without giving it away. Now for the technical aspects. Alan Silvestri's score was interesting and beautiful because it had the original melodies like the previous Avengers films but this time he created new melodies that, for me at least, are just as memorable as the Avengers Theme. Also my favorite score of the year so far. The visual effects were good as usual and worked well with the chaos of the action, especially the final battle. Speaking of battles some say you could leave for the action since it's all the same and there was too much going on, but I strongly disagree. There is no time to get up and leave during this film. The cinematography was at its best of the franchise with Trent Opaloch as the cinematographer. And I think I'll leave my review at that. For more content I will have my spoiler review soon. I think this was an amazing film that brings the series all together. I'm pleased to say I liked it more than Infinity War and it's my favorite film of the year just beating Us. Therefore this is my first perfect film of the year. Please go see it if you haven't. I think this film is special and one you can never forget.My Grade: A+"
"173","alan-68691","13 October 2019","
            6/10
            "," 9/10
","A great ending, to a much loved saga. It would have been very easy for Marvel to mess this one up, but it delivered in all aspects."
"174","Prabhuraj","3 May 2019","
            1/10
            "," PERFECT MOVIE
","It was a marvels fans dream. Loved it all the way. The perfect end to all the fans, giving moments of full action. Avengers: Endgame shows an incredible connection between all the movies of this amazing universe developed among eleven years.
Yes it slows down a bit. But over all a visual treat I must say."
"175","wwwwebtebbusiness","28 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," Not better than Infinity War
","A movie review must be without desire or force.
This is the first film of Avengers Saga in which I found about 10 mistakes and so I am disappointed and very dissatisfied.
1. ) What would happen if Winston Churchill or Hitler of 1930 come to 2019 and got killed by someone ? Certainly the past will be charged, but the movie says nothing will change.
What would happen if you go to the past of year 1930 and killed Hitler ? Of course the the past will be charged but the movie says nothing will change.
2.) Caption America is a man, then how could he able to successfully and permanently use the hammer -ðŸ”¨ Mjolnir ?
3.) Do you know the name of the place which created the ðŸ”¨ Mjolnir or weapons of Asgardians ? How can Avengers's laboratory more capable than that place (Nidavellir). In the Endgame there was no harm to Infinity Gruntlet of Avengers even after 2 times use. But the Gruntlet of Infinity War movie, created at Nidavellir, was destroyed only after 1 time use.
4. ) How was it possible for Iron Man to hold and successfully use all the six Infinity Stones. He is simply a man or half robot.
5. ) In Endgame, Thor went to his past and got his hammer and returned to his future with that hammer. Then, what would happen with the Thor of the past ? Suppose we went to 6 August 1945 and returned to the future after stealing atomic bombs, then what would happen with Japan ? Suppose we went to 1940 and kidnapped Stalin and returned to the future with him. Then what would happen with WW2 and the USSR ?
6. ) A man can create more capable weapon than God ? A man can handle a powerful weapon of God ? We can change our past without changing our present or future ?Avengers Endgame is a highly exaggerated and superfluous movie trying to please and satiate 100 percent audiences."
"176","nscoby93","22 November 2022","
            10/10
            "," The Infinity Saga ends with a bang
","The Russo brothers took what was seemingly a impossible task of not only meeting expectations but of wrapping up a storyline 11 years in the making and they knocked it out of the park.To take all these characters, their storylines, their archs, and bring it all together to fit in one single film and for everyone to have their moments is what I can only imagine to be an extremely difficult task yet the cast and crew made it look easy. While I would've wished for more screen time from certain characters ie Ronan it was still well done.Now there's obviously no such thing as the perfect film but this comes damn close. An amazing cast, fantastic visuals, phenomenal score by Alan Silvestri, and something Marvel lacks today good writing.This was the film of a generation and the theater going experience of a lifetime, I would just like to say thank you to the Russo brothers and the entirety of the cast and crew for the hard work and passion that went into the making of this phenomenal film... I love you 3000!IMDb: 10/10
Letterboxd: 5/5Watched on Disney+ in Dolby Vision."
"177","karmazyn","8 May 2019","
            8/10
            "," Good Movie But Not Infinity War Kinda Good ....
","Tamed Hulk, traumatized Ironman, fantasy of yesterday - Cap America. what did I do with my hair - Cpt Marvel . Dr Stranger things and many more with fault of not their own were part of the final movie in one of the most successful and entertaining spectacles of the past decade.
The movie itself was a huge collection of familiar faces and scenes, from all major events in MCU, lacking cohesive structure which distorted flow of the movie. The spectacle was too long and action sequences were unevenly spaced which created over too long moments that were more about homage to the last decade of superhero bonanza and tremendous logistic achievement. After all getting all of the cameo actors from the last movies and inserting them into this plot must have been very difficult. Did they suceed ? No, they did not. The effort was admirable and gave us some really touching moments but resulted in unnecessary extending already too long movie. This was confusing the main story plot too much. There were just too much of it. Movie did not offer viewer any spectacular skirmishes in a first two hours. Thats what made IW so special. Endgage was lacking these impactful moments. It is clear that the best was saved for last but this only validates that movie did not have to be so long. If a movie would be filled with IW level of awesome than yeah, bring it on but the problem is that it was stretched too thin and these moments are just not there, not in the beginning anyway.PG-12 rating is a culprit here. If movie's rating was higher I am sure that scenes filled with nothing would be at least more electryfying but because this is a movie aimed at future and former fans, the lighter representation of after apocalypse universe was the only thing Disney corporate machine could have come up with and still get away with achieving PG-12 rating. Younger audience and older audience looked bored in the cinema though. The balance was not achieved here.The final stand off was amazing though and I will say that it is worth the price of admission. When I will be rematching Endgame on blue ray I think I will just skip to the last few chapters just to experience all this wonderfully done explosions and amazingly done fights. It was just epic and the team definitely raised the bar here.Overall the movie was ok but it did not top IW for me. This one will still be the best Avenger movie."
"178","cotandreea","30 August 2020","
            10/10
            "," A perfect movie with a perfect cast
","This movie was awesome. It showed how much we need people who can inspire us and how to win battles. Congrats to all the people involved in the project and RIP Chadwick Boseman. I am shocked to hear that he is dead. I wish his family to be strong."
"179","J49afc","3 May 2019","
            10/10
            "," Underwhelming but still good- Infinity War was better
","Is the film underwhelming? Yes. It is still good? Yes. With all of the hype i saw on social media and my friend's conversations I had extremely great high hopes for this film however I was left slightly dissatisfied.At 3 hours, the film is way too long and it can drag sometimes, especially in the tedious build up of the first half of the film.Whilst the second half of the film is quicker paced and more enjoyable, including a very well choreographed, action packed end fight scene, I had felt i has seen it all before when thinking about the fight scene in Wakanda in Infinity War and so this wasn't anything special to me. The only thing I did really enjoy about this scene was the return of the fallen soldiers through Dr. Strange's portals. For me, this was one of the best sequences of the entire film.Similarly, the payoff for the culmination of the fight scene- the Avengers defeating Thanos- was anticlimactic. The writers of the film were not going
to have the Avengers lose their final outing and so I fully expected this to happen. Contrast this with last year's infinity war, where I was left utterly shocked at the fact the Avengers, who had been built up as an unstoppable force over the previous 2 films, had lost. My jaw was at the floor in the cinema at the time. It was this complete unexpectedness of the climax of Infinity War that makes me believe, however unpopular this may be, that Infinity War was better than Endgame.This film is still however good. The cast are, as always, great in their roles and the production value is fantastic, which makes for some beautiful looking scenes. All of the jokes (bar Korg playing Fortnite and Hulk dabbing) land, as does equally the action sequences. The addition of new characters in the Avengers series, such as Captain Marvel, are a welcomed addition and inject some fresh blood into the already solid cast, even with their minute amount of screen time (seriously, Captain Marvel had more haircuts than minutes on screen).The plot is solid, although the time travel aspect is confusing at times. Similarly, the plot does open some gaping plot holes. Why are the Guardians of the Galaxy searching for Gamora when they ran into her in the fight scene? (I will admit I'm not a hardcore Marvel fan and so maybe missing something) and how can Captain America suddenly pick up Thor's hammer? (I definitely AM missing something there). Thirdly, there are continuity errors. Thanos tears Iron Man, Captain America and Thor and their respective weaponry apart all at the same time WITHOUT the gauntlet. Thanos is strong, but not that strong.The ending however was the perfect culmination of 22 films over the last 11 years. It tied everything together nicely and gave almost every character a satisfying ending, especially Captain America. Even the end credits with each actors signature were damn beautiful. It didn't bring me to tears but it did make me feel emotional.The Avengers films have been some of my favourite films over the last few years and so to see it end is saddening. This film could have been much better but I am not disappointed with the way the ended it. It really is the end of an era."
"180","the_donnie","11 August 2019","
            9/10
            "," 3 hours of movie: 90% a waste of your time and 10% of some good action, that's it
","I had no choice but to watch it to finish the sequence. The worst of all the Avengers movies. Apart from some action scenes all the rest it is pure lame dialogues and poor performances.
Purely made to make money out of a ""trendy"" public that are rating this movie high because I've never met one single person who has read the comics and like this garbage.
At least, there will be no more of this, I hope."
"181","mikebanda-34840","19 December 2020","
            7/10
            "," Great acting but worst marvel movie Ever
","First of all story writing is lazy and the time travel is f**cked up (No understanding of time lines and the effects) and is sickening ðŸ˜¨ðŸ˜“ and dreadful. Wanted to say but
I ain't gat time to waste on this pathetic movie."
"182","craigearl","22 June 2019","
            6/10
            "," What next for the MCU? Suggestions!
","Loved Endgame but with a lukewarm feeling for The Eternals and Shang Chi on the horizon, I wondered whether the MCU should make more logical choices for the next phase. Obviously there are development issues with the FF and X-Men franchises and DC's Aquaman may well scupper a potential Sub-Mariner movie, but perhaps these would work:1) Captain Britain (we heard 'Braddock' mentioned by Peggy Carter in Endgame; Brian's father perhaps?)
2) Alpha Flight. With the Avengers having run their course, perhaps their Canadian counterparts could step up. It stands to reason that other countries would want to copy the Avengers model (I know they are the Earth's protectors but they pretty much belong to the USA).
3) Moon Knight. Although I would love to see Daredevil done right on the big screen, maybe Marc Spector could fill the void.
4) Silver Surfer. Norrin Radd was the best thing about the FF sequel. A space-based movie would give him room to soar. Look to GotG or the Ron Lim Thanos issues of Silver Surfer for inspiration.
5) Ka-Zar. Although often perceived as a Tarzan rip-off, Lord Kevin Plunder's exploits could open up a whole new playground with the Savage Land.I wonder if we'll look back in 10 years and see if any of these came to pass...!"
"183","pathumgunath-93252","5 November 2019","
            2/10
            "," So Disappointing
","It's not Perfect as we imagine, There is so many curious in avengers infinity war ending & that's why people came to watch this movie in theaters.. It's not the best movie in Avengers Series."
"184","mrbond-99502","10 January 2020","
            10/10
            "," Amazing
","â­ 10/10 RDJ u r awesome. Great performance by director, cinematographer. Actions is excellent. Dialogues are extremely good."
"185","kosmasp","7 May 2019","
            10/10
            "," Time to play the (end)game
","I usually do not watch movies twice in such a short amount of time. But after I did the Double Feature (at the Midnight premiere) with Infinity War almost 2 weeks ago, I re-watched Endgame yesterday and it was as amazing as my first impression of it was! And while I will not spoil anything about Endgame, I will talk about things Infinity War! So if you have not seen that yet, do not blame me for anything revealed here.My summary is a pop culture reference and there are quite a few in the Marvel movies, hinting at other franchises (Alien got name checked for example in Infinity War and even ""copied"" or ""homaged"" if you will and there are a few in Endgame too). But those little digs are not too important, they are just nice touches for those who know them. Having an understanding of the MCU as a whole, from Phase 1 to now Phase 3 is way more important. And as someone who is not too familiar with the comics myself, I can tell you that knowing the movies is enough to enjoy the franchise.Still you can google the other stuff or even make your own conclusions. Now that is a lot of foreword and I haven't even gotten one word about Endgame. But as I said above, no spoilers here. What we do know (from the trailers) is the beginning. But whatever we saw and thought we knew - what happens not even half an hour into the movie, will rattle you. Now what?Yes the first hour of the movie is ""slow"", but it had to be. There are ramifications after the snap and the characters we learned to love, that we have close to our heart, have been torn apart. Quite literally gone with the wind - everyone is thinking how is this going to be resolved (no pun intended)? And the movie will give you answers, and will even try to sort of explain things that are quite - unexplainable.And while there is full on drama, there is still a lot of humor. The movie takes beloved characters and does things to them - or rather the weight of what happened does things to them. What exactly? Well that would be telling, but let me tell you some very bold choices have been made. And if you are not emotional at least during some scenes, you are taking away a lot of fun for yourself.I can be a cynic too at times, but taking this apart (which you can do with every movie), is only hurting your own viewing pleasure. There is so much love in this, for the characters, for details, for the fans - it's just a rollercoaster and I'm not afraid to say that I shed a couple of tears. It is after all tying knots and bringing certain things to a conclusion.That doesn't mean there isn't anything more coming (because we know there is, next up Spiderman as an in between movie before Infinity War?). And there are some familiar faces coming back to Endgame from other movies that we haven't seen in a while but also new cameos like Ken Jeong. I'm guessing there will be a deleted scene with him, his scene seems to short for storytelling purposes I reckon.Epic fights, epic emotions and dialog that is hinting at things to come later in the movie ... which you will see even clearer with repeat viewing(s) ... The Russos did it - Kudos to them, Kevin Feige, Stan Lee (RIP) and everyone else involved in this of courseEdit: Endgame works even for people who have not seen a single MCU movie yet (confirmed by a friend of mine). But of course the gravitas and the conclusions of everything will work way better if you have seen the rest of the movies. Also let me add that this is ""technically sound"" as some would put it - or just plain great visually speaking. But I reckon this is a given anyway. Popcorn (or Nachos or whatever you prefer) to perfection"
"186","aji4u4ever","25 April 2019","
            9/10
            "," MASTERPIECE
","AND THE WAIT IS OVERInfinity War which gave the world rumbling because of the wrath of Thanos. And here it elevates the emotions of every MCU fans that too right from the stone.I always wanted to brag/say about Endgame but that will end up with too many spoilers. So the plot remains unrevealed.The movie has an ensemble cast feat. all the ones you've known and with the outnumbered super heroes teams up to defeat Thanos, one of the most powerful villain of MCU. He stands out tall in this one too. All superheroes has their own spaces, imprinting themselves in everyone's mind. Endgame portrays the emotions and personal stories of the superheroes and was really touching.Even though Endgame is Visual Masterpiece but rides through the emotions whole throughout but also will make you laugh. Thor, Antman, Hulk and Rocket leads the laughter squad. Captain America was not my fav. hero, but after this he has a special spot in my heart. Iron Man, he was brilliant. All the superheroes will grab a special place in your heart for sure.Russo brothers did a wonderful job in terms of writing and in directing. Endgame is visual treat to the eyes and the finale battle was also well convincing. Technical aspects were outstanding in terms of Camera, Score, CGI, Editing, Art, etc.It's a long 181 minutes movie but you will not take your eyes even for one second.A must watch in Theaters especially in IMAX. a MASTERPIECEI will go out with 10 on 10"
"187","diescobarmdq","24 July 2019","
            10/10
            "," AMAZING
","It was just amazing! Incredible, epic, emotional, action-packed and awesome! I wonder how it will all go on after this... Not since the wnd of Harry Potter or The Lord of the Rings have I been so excited for an ending saga. I can't wait for what is next. An all female Avengers? Hopefully!"
"188","elgsdyr","2 August 2019","
            10/10
            "," Mediocre and unoriginal blockbuster... (mild spoilers)
","I watched this the day after ploughing through the first season of 'The Boys'. What an anti-climax... If you want a super hero story that's intelligent, incredibly well-written, and with really interesting characters, go watch that instead... And in the MCU context, the first Avengers film is a much better example of good writing and directing, where the characters actually had some wit and.. yeah, well... character....The best thing I can say about Avengers: Endgame is that it very early on killed off Thanos and the Infinity Stones. That was unexpected and opened up the possibilities for the rest of the film. Except that it went straight on to a classic time-travel solution and makes a big deal out of this not being at all like described in any other film (except that it's exactly the same) along with an abundance of other cliches and plot holes (well described in the many other critical reviews here). The characters and their lines were generally bland and completely without the wit and bite as seen in the earlier Joss Whedon versions. And the ending was just as painfully slow as LotR: The Return of the King (yet another over-hyped blockbuster) with long-drawn-out overly sentimental scenes that added nothing to the story.6/10 = OK (just)"
"189","thomasdekoning1996","24 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," The most satisfying ending, just like the Russo's said.
","This movie proves the Russo brothers are in a league of their own when it comes to closing a franchise this big. In my opinion they pulled of the most satisfying ending this story arc could have.It's nothing without its previous 21 movies. Must watch for every movie fan."
"190","clarkmick33","2 May 2019","
            6/10
            "," Hmmmmmm that's a NO from me!
","There must be a lot of brainless fan boys highly rating this movie ... compared to its predecessor (Infinity War) Endgame was a real let down.
I won't reveal spoilers. But I will say the pacing was very bad.... very very slow at the start to the point I was nodding off in the theatre .... the movie before had great pacing of action, drama and comedy...... Endgames first half was just boring.
Also balance of heroes in the first movie was done much better than this movie which really should have been called Captain America & Iron Man + Avengers.
And time travel as a plot device is a very lazy way of solving issues ... I cringed when that came up ........ Thanos and his lieutenants were a threat in Infinity War... in this movie they felt really dumbed down."
"191","jos-dsouza","17 May 2019","
            9/10
            "," Why the hype?
","While I respect the fans going ga ga and people discussing the emotions etc, I beg to differ. I saw this movie yesterday after all the rush had died out. There were about 25-30 people in the Audi having seating capacity of approx 250.Pace: The buildup is slow and boring.Emotions: Forced and sometimes looks very artificial. You don't feel a thing. When some people said that they cried, I wonder for what. Action: It comes late and is limited. I expected more (isnt that expected in the avengers movies?)CGI: Was good.Storyline: Very weak. It could have been refined. Many of the characters were inserted and wasted.Length: It was unnecessarily prolonged, esp towards the end. They could have reduced the runtime by 20-30 minutes.Overall: Bad. Barely a one time watch, with lots of patience. The studios have created the hype and made their money. The previous avenger movie was way better. This one was a totally let down, just like the Game of Thrones final season."
"192","MellyMelfy","2 December 2019","
            6/10
            "," Pleasantly surprised
","They took your typical superhero fare and made it quite interesting. No spoilers, but seriously, who on the planet hasn't seen it yet. All the elements you'd expect were there, but I was more impressed with how they wrapped up the journey for these characters."
"193","andrewchristianjr","30 April 2019","
            3/10
            "," AN EPIC CONCLUSION!!!
","Breathtaking. Endgame raises the bar so high. The emotion, comedy and action all combined to produce a movie of epic proportions that probably won't be matched for many years to come! The best MCU movie. Easily one of my all time Top 5 favs."
"194","joefletch-16443","30 November 2019","
            8/10
            "," Great follow up to infinity war.
","I think that this might be even better than infinity war, everyone gets a moment to shine, the ending is spectacular and it might be one of the best films in the Marvel cinematic universe (can't beat guardians of the galaxy though)."
"195","mikekutsykh","26 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," The worst MCU film ever...
","Absolutely strange how they could cut so strong first part of Avengers and spoil the second one! All dialogues are weak and absurd same as a few plot lines. The last 5 minutes of the film is all-around failure!"
"196","scott-sw","21 August 2019","
            8/10
            "," The Resolution We Have Been Waiting For
","The hardest thing to do is end something. The ending of a story, novel, or movie is probably the hardest thing to write. This is not the climax and falling action, but the resolution, where all the dangling threads are tied up and resolved. Very few writers can create one with supreme satisfaction - mostly because in this day and age writers want sequels and franchises. Avengers Endgame is the pinnacle of Marvel movies. It is a masterpiece of the super-hero genre. It gives closure, and resolution.
The movie picks up almost immediately after Thanos snapped half the world out of existence. The remaining Avengers, Iron Man (Tony Stark), War Machine (Don Cheedle), Captain America (Chris Evans), Black Widow (Scarlet Johansson), Thor (Chris Hemsworth) and Hulk (Mark Ruffalo), and Rocket (Bradley Cooper) are trying to gather their wits after they had their asses handed to them.
Tony is on his way back to Earth from Titan. His only companion is Nebula (Karen Gillian). Fortunately, Captain Marvel (Brie Larson) comes to the rescue. Bringing them back to Earth, they are reunited ... for a moment. Tony wants nothing to do with them after Cap's betrayal. He goes back to Pepper.
The remaining heroes track down Thanos (Josh Brolin) and find the Infinity Stones have destroyed themselves, as well as him. Now, what do we do?
Five years later, a van in San Francisco has its computer activated by a mouse. It activates the shrinking device that left Scott Lang (Paul Rudd) stranded in the shrunken universe. He comes back - but the five year isolation was only five hours to the Ant Man. He traverses the nation to find the Avengers. When he learns of what happened, he has an idea. The microscopic universe has entry and exit points in time.
Yes, they can travel back in time and find the Infinity Stones, bring them back, and snap everyone back into existence. Hey, you have to realize that time travel was going to come into this sooner or later. The Avengers need Tony to figure out a way to take out the random effects, but he is tied too much to Pepper (Gwenyth Paltrow), and their daughter, Morgan.
Tony, though, cannot back out of a possibility of setting things right. He is onboard with the idea, so three teams travel back to different points. Tony, Bruce, Steve, and Scott (hey, my name's Steve Scott!) head to New York after the Avengers battle. Roadie, Nebula, Nadia, and Clint (Jeremy Renner) return to the stellar world where two other stones exist. Rocket and Thor return to Asgaarrd before its destruction to fetch a couple of others.
As they find the stones, they find themselves - as well as a slew of MCU characters that helped and hindered them on the way. Loki, Brumlow, Sitwell, Pierce (Robert Redford) all have their cameos as former HYDRA secret operatives. Of course, it would be a sin not to have Tom Hiddleston return as Loki. Tony and Steve go to another spot where Steve catches a glimpse of Peggy Carter (Haylee Atwell), and Tony gets to have some words with his father, Howard Stark (John Slattery).
Thor gets to see Jane again (Natalie Portman), as well as his mother, Frigga (Rene Russo). Rocket has to work hard and convince him to take the stones back. Of course, Thor cannot leave without one particular thing.
Meanwhile, Clint and Nadia have to retrieve the Soul Stone. They need a soul to get it. At the same time, Thanos, who is alive at this point, realizes the Nebula of the past is having glitches. He and Gamora (Zoe Saldana) are able to figure out what they are doing there. Realizing their plan, he has to stop them and make sure his plan comes through.
You can tell this all-star cast was handled well, providing story, action, laughs, and even tears. A few of these heroes sacrifice themselves for others. They get to reconcile themselves over past mistakes, regrets, and get to redeem themselves. They are reunited with loves ones lost five years ago when Thanos snapped his fingers. And they fight together against a foe for the first time since Avengers Age of Ultron. They were one team.
Someone could easily nit-pick this one, especially on the time travel. However, the ending brings so much satisfaction. Between the sacrifices, the second chances, the characters all have their resolutions tied up, with no post-credit scenes. Some of the character arcs are messy, but the movie provides an emotional satisfaction unheralded in motion picture history. Avengers Endgame gets a perfect score."
"197","jamoe-49431","16 November 2019","
            8/10
            "," Bittersweet ending and awesome action
","The heroes leaving it out all there and sacrificing their lives in the end really speaks to the soul. Black widow fighting to sacrifice herself was so sad and beautiful at the same time. I cried when Iron Man finally let go. Gwyneth Paltrow absolutely crushed it in that scene, her telling him that they're gonna be ok and he can let go...ðŸ˜­. Gut-wrenching! Emotional scenes all over; Captain America seeing his love for the first time in ages throw the window with the blinds, that was great stuff. Iron Man's relationship with his daughter...just all kinds of really awesome moments. Heroes were brave and sacrificial, they showed true love and it was awesome. There were a couple liberal-ish, pseudophilosophical bits here and there. ""Don't be who you're supposed to be, be who you are."" Sounds like irresponsible rubbish to me. The redefining of what a hero by Thor's Mom made no sense, but it was brief and negligible. And the little moment where all the girls get together to fight was patronizing in my opinion.
Yes, some of the writing was cheesy. It wasn't as bad as some are complaining about. The 3 hours didn't feel bad to me. The movie kept moving along and kept me engaged and interested. Anyone who gets that bent out of shape about the time travel stuff needs to just stop watching movies. If you can't suspend your belief at all you can't enjoy a movie. Captain America being able to wield Thor's hammer was cool but I have no idea where that came from. But I also didn't really care at that point. It didn't offend me and it was fun and it didn't take away from anything good in the fim. The score was good, visuals were 10/10 of course. The final battle scene was the best large battle on screen since LOTR battles. It was really good, I am looking forward to watching it again sometime!"
"198","tdwren1109","14 July 2019","
            8/10
            "," Amazing.
","Avengers endgame might be long but it feels like the fastest 3 hour movie I've seen. Everything works even with the few plot holes. The action is evenly paced and works where they put it and all leads up to the greatest climatic battle scene in a long long time."
"199","stevakiassassin","30 April 2019","
            9/10
            "," Just ok,but youre a sheep if you believe its the best
","Plot holes,time travel plot has always been bad except maybe God of War 2,from the start it was predictable,and sometimes boring.I expected much more,but infortunately,IW is way better.People that put 9s and 10s are just sheep just because its a marvel movie.Thor and Hulk were just f***d up big time.Thanos compared to the masterfull villain that he was in IW,in Endgame seemed dull and generic.The movie had its good moments and scenes,but mostly the ending counted.A shame that this was ""the endgame"",it could be much more"
"200","dpg-87522","24 September 2019","
            6/10
            "," The most overrated movie of the year.
","When I say that Avengers Engame is the most overrated movie of 2019, I mean that people and critics praised it more, the movie, yes, you could say that it is ""good"", but not so much for everyone to go crazy and say that it is the best superhero movie, a great example of how overrated it would be like, this movie was recently titled as the highest grossing movie in the history of cinema in general. Yes, if the film is very striking with its colors and all those characters, but simply what in Avengers Infinity War ""struggled"" to maintain the quality of the plot, here it simply does not matter, I just say that Captain Marvel suddenly find Tony and the other lady, they do not explain at any time how he did to find them, yes, if I know that the marvel lovers have already drawn their theories on that, to cover up the lazy mistakes of the writers. In Infinity War we saw the Thor plus Thor of the Thores, but now he is an obese alcoholic, the movie is not taken seriously sometimes, and that is a great example, or that Tony gets angry at first with Captain America because he does not It was there, blah, blah, blah, but if we use our brains, you will remember that in Infinity War he had the opportunity to call him and he did not, so I'm sorry Iron man lovers, but Tony had no right to get angry, and if we analyzed him well really Captain Marvel was a filler character, we all believed that this character would have great weight for the story but no, I thought that they did not try hard in their movie because they were going to want all this, but no, you can feel that the writers they didn't know what to do with it, and something they did go over with was the rat that accidentally released Ant-man, I'm just saying that you are more likely to see a cow flying outside your house to have that happen, which I leave wondering if the truck was closed, then how did that rat could get in? The time travel is very badly done, quantum physics clearly says that two equal objects cannot be together at the same time in the same place, so that fight of the American captains is impossible, and the rest is not even said , for example, Captain America in the end stays in the past meaning that The Avengers never had Captain America, which means that everything he did never happens, which leaves me wondering. Why did nothing change? Why is there no temporary paradox or any consequence for your decision? It's simple, the movie is so shameless in the sense that it doesn't care about those rules and does what it gives the gift wins. After that for no reason, Steve gives his position to Falcon because ............. in order to make a reference to the comics, he prefers to give his position to an African-American who he met recently Than your lifelong friend. Something that I honestly didn't understand, was how the gauntlet works, are you supposed to think about what you want and what happens? I don't know, I think, because Hulk throne his fingers and half of the universe that had disappeared comes back, but here goes the problem, if you think about it that is the worst thing he had to do, Thanos technically had already saved the universe by reducing the population , and that was something that the Avengers failed to understand, but that is the least, the problem is that being logical, of that half world literally literally, I wonder where the hell are all these people going to live? 5 years have passed and obviously their houses must already be inhabited by someone else, or their jobs, and logically they should have had an economic imbalance, but hey, the Avengers don't care about that and they are happy because they saved their friends, just I say his plan was very selfish. If you think about it really, the one who lost the most was Thanos, his goal was really not bad, that for starters, even in a part of the movie Steve tells Natasha something that the planet is less polluted Thanos was looking for his stones for a long time time and when he found the last one to get it he had to sacrifice his daughter, he also lost his friends, henchmen or not dry were, then after saving the universe, he just wanted to live in peace and eat his broth, but the Avengers do not arrive and they kill him, then they make a plan for all their sacrifices to go to waste, poor Thanos. To tell the truth that Hulk is now Hulk-Banner does not really bother me, what I would have liked is that they would have spent time on that, for example a movie of that would not be bad. But well now talk about how good this movie has, and I'd like to start with those little big details, which would be like Hulk uses a pencil to press the keys because his fingers are too big, or that Iron Man gives the hug to that Spiderman did not want to give him at Homecomeming, also that Bucky tells Steve that he is going to miss him although he is supposed to only leave for a few seconds, but it is because he knows him enough to know that Steve is going to live his life, and that that would be the last time he sees him young and for me that he is the best he would be being that in the final battle with Thanos, Thor every blow he hits is directed at Thanos's head. And as brave as it has been to kill Ironman, it was really a bit forced, although the only thing I managed to sacrifice was to avoid the salvation of the universe. I will analyze the advantage and cons. Pros: -Give more years of life to humanity before it destroys itself. -They managed to complete their goal. Cons: -To condemn humanity. -Leave his wife a widow. -Let your daughter an orphan. - Wreck the work of a visionary. -Kill oneself. But the point is that the greatest hero of Marvel was sacrificed, the man who created Ultron, the man who caused the civil war between his companions and then locked them in, the man who created all those marvel villains like the Vulture , Mystery, Mandarin, etc. But hey, goodbye Ironman. So and I have two questions for marvel lovers. How is it possible for a human being to create a gauntlet that supports the gems of infinity, when Infinity War told us that only a certain metal made by certain dwarves can do it? The only conclusion I reach is that Tony is a god or a celestial being. I also understand that if he is a god, he would be Ojo de Alcon, since he is in a moment of the movie he grabs a gem of the infinite with his hand and in guardians of the galaxy I learned that only a celestial or a god can grab the gems without dying, and in this movie, Ojo de alcon grabs it and nothing happens, so I understand that this man is a god or a celestial. Do not? Something that I admire about this movie is that it is very good lying, to this I mean that it is so good lying that it made half the world believe that it is the best film not only of the year, not only of the genre of Super-heroes, but of the best movies in history, they are good lying that with the jokes, the characters, the fights and all those colors of this movie, it covers all those plot holes and makes people believe that it is an almost perfect movie, so it is of Men recognize that this movie cheated the world and almost fooled me. In conclusion Avengers Endgame is a very good movie lying, with a great final battle, and with many plot holes, I just want to say that I found it very difficult to put the rating on this movie, it was between 4 to 6, but then I decided that This is only a 6/10, even though deep down in my heart I know it deserves less."
"201","donnodcassandra-41099","21 February 2021","
            10/10
            "," Wanda could just end the war!!!
","OK I liked the movie , it was the first movie with someone die for no reason that I liked ( no reason meaning it could be an other way , much easier way) the past Avengers movies was like "" Nah! well ok"" Cause you know the whole ""EVERYONE WILL DIE "" was a little bit not so ok . Second thing if Wanda just did what she did in the mini series everyone would be fine! I am not gonna say what she did for the spoilers, but nooo they wanted someone to die and of course it wasn't Spiderman which I realy hate ( He is annoying) it was Iron man , my favourite heroe , thank you Marvel for destroying my childhood . Everyone is like "" He is a hero , he saved everyone "" Nooo its not like that , Wanda could be the hero without dying!!! Or Captain Marvel to absolve all the jem power out of the glove BUT NOO someone had to die right? But if we don't see that part the rest of the movie was AWSOME!!!!"
"202","r_behnood","12 January 2020","
            7/10
            "," Time heist? can't they go back to first movie in marvel universe and fix every single thing then?
","Unless you can sit down your brain, or you have a shut brain already, there is no way you can pass the main twist when they get to go back in time using (insert nonsense wrong science sounding terms here). Why does it matter? because everything becomes predictable (spoiler alert, there is nothing to spoil)
Why stop there then? just go back in time and fix everything else. Martin Scorsese is right, this is not cinema."
"203","mdyaser123","27 April 2019","
            1/10
            "," Perfectly Balanced! As all things should be!!
","This movie is everything that fans and viewers wanted it to be. It clearly shows that the makers have put their heart and soul into the movie instead of just making money out of the popularity.It is 3 hours long but never felt like it. The sequence of emotions in the movie is sad, cheer, laugh, cry and repeat.Watch it before it gets spoiled for you!!!"
"204","simsbros-89231","27 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," Best superhero film ever made
","It's going to be very difficult to top this, and it's also very difficult to express how amazing this film is without spoilers, so I will just keep it brief and say that you are doing yourself a disservice if you don't see this film. It is an epic event in every sense of the word, and you will never forget seeing this movie. The last hout will never leave your memory as long as you live. It is the epitome of action sacrifice and heroism and encapsulates the never ending battle of good versus evil. Go see this movie. See it twice."
"205","erminahotmail","28 November 2023","
            10/10
            "," great conclusion of the infinity gems
","Then I tell you that this is the continuation of the previous film and I tell you that I liked this film but it is not one of my favorite superhero films of all time there are a lot of reasons then this film gave truly a conclusion of the gemsof infinity or our heroes go to look for the gems since Thanos destroyed them and to do so they go back in time to get the gems from the past and then it was truly the great clash with all the characters from the previous films who all fight this film could havea 10 but there are some things that ruin this film for me that really make me lower my rating I tell him the mistakes they made me So Captain Marvel was supposed to be one of the most important characters in this film and instead he is only seen in two scenes then I didn't like how at allthey treated Hulk but Damn you really do it on purpose to treat a similar character because that really badly wasted on a level is important When he's Professor Hulk But he doesn't really do it to fight It's crazy In this film they made all the heroes face each other except Hulk and I wasn't jokingly saying that I really liked the film with Edward Norton that was really the only version that I liked with the characters then another problem thanos strictly admitted all the characters but he can't beat two females or when clashes with Wanda and captainMarvel doesn't really allow them to go out and beat them, they only used cunning and don't enhance it. And then another thing, which is really a mistake, is that Iron Man managed to crack his knuckles, yet with the Hulk to burst into life to use the gems he made a monstrous figure instead with Iron Man no And thenwhy use your own glove to him we have seen that Hulk managed to survive then why not use precisely regarding thor Wanda Doctor Strange and captain marvel and then the sacrifice of Iron Man for me is completely useless since the villains were all systematic at all the heroestherefore useless sacrifices then if some characters many a character had returned to fight So why didn't they return Black Widow is Iron Man a and I only live to also tell you that there are no moments after the credits there aren't any That is, this film could have meditated that face insteadwith these heroes it really made me feel bad. But this doesn't mean that I hated it, I liked it for this reason to conclude with a rating of 9-"
"206","shadden66","2 May 2019","
            10/10
            "," Very good, but not great
","I cant say I was disappointed in Endgame as a whole, they wrapped up this phase in the franchise pretty well.Parts did drag on longer than needed, other parts rushed that could have used more time. But that's ok I can deal with that.Endgame was not as good as Infinity War in my opinion, IW had much better pacing and dialogue than EG and the story was much better.Stuff I liked:Tony Stark/Steve Rodgers dialogue. Any time those two are on screen together it just flat out works. They could talk about dinner reservations and I'd be engrossed in that conversation..Lewboski reference. Loved it..Hawkeye/Black Widow going after the Soul Stone. You knew one of them was going to have to die to get it but intense and a surprise all the way through. Well done.Soundtrack. Dear Mr. Fantasy a fav of mine and to hear that open made my night.How they brought back Gamora. Nice twist didn't see that coming. And the ""real"" Nebula working on her to win her over.Starks death, Rodger's ending. Both perfect and worked. Glad he got his dance and a real lifeFew things I didn't care for.Wanted more Rocket interaction with the other Avengers. Expected more Rocket/Tony Stark back and forth in witty dialogue. Would have been epic.Captain Marvel. Over powered and didn't earn it. Hoped for better than he solo movie and it never happened.Time Travel. I figured the quantum realm would come into play to reverse things, but Stark figuring out time travel in general was a little much. I think with some creative writing they could have skipped all that time travel discovery stuff and just used the quantum realm angle to fix things and bring people back.Not enough Thanos. Even with Thanos coming back into play, not enough screen time. He's way to great a character and needed much more attention. In EG he didn't have as great the dialogue as IW gave him and even less depth than in IW. Jim Starlin's creation deserved better.The whole Battle of the Five Armies Hobbit ending... Would have been more intense with just Thanos and his Black Order - they could have held their own against all the Avengers new and oldAs a whole though I got to admit I walked away satisfied. We always want more and/or expect different or better, but this is what we got.I can live with it and be happy. Thank you Marvel Studios"
"207","greggs_nbacon","26 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," Is it worth it?
","After 21 films worth of waiting, Marvel has finally reached the conclusion to the Infinity Saga in Avengers: Endgame. The collective movies had mad billions of dollars, and captured the hearts of comic book fans around the world. The prior entry, Avengers: Infinity War added a certain sense of gravitas and catharsis to the Marvel Universe. The prior film left fans not only devastated, but with more questions than answers with it's cliffhanger, serial ending. So how does the conclusion fare? Are the Fallen avenged? Is Endgame worth the hype?One of my greatest praises of Shazam! was the amount of personal consequence it had. One of my biggest criticisms of most superhero movies is that the consequence is constantly about saving the world. This then makes saving the world a redundant outcome that we know the superheroes will eventually solve. With constant resurrections and story revisions, the Marvel Universe greatly lacked this. Yet even though the world saving was still the primary conflict of Endgame, the story contained personal consequence for each individual character that made the film far more endearing to the viewer. This filled the film with incredibly written, visceral moments of joy, pain, and everything in between.The amount of story-boarding that went into the film is insane. The run time is long, but a necessary evil to the human bladder to tie up so many loose ends within an incredibly convoluted plot. The Marvel Cinematic Universe has so many characters, and Endgame gives resolution to their individual strife, while raising questions that can be pursued in future films. It gives each character their own space in the spotlight while concurrently sharing it equally. It is absolute brilliant direction by the Russo brothers.I cannot justifiably call Endgame the singular greatest superhero film of all time. Nolan's Dark Knight trilogy is still brilliant, and did not need 21 films of buildup. Yet it absolutely rivals the trilogy with the first Marvel film that takes a chance with the ultimate pathos. The film rewards the fans who have seen all of the films, even the poorer entries, while inviting new fans with instant accessibility. I never checked my watch, I never felt the need to get up from my seat, which is something that has never occurred for me within a three hour movie. Not every direction choice worked as intended, not every story point was logistically flawless, but it still works. I laughed, I cried, and sometimes even did bof. Not both, but BOF. I can't give Avengers:Endgame any grade worse than perfect.(Grade: 10/10)"
"208","animalnimmo","4 September 2019","
            9/10
            "," Like saying goodbye to your pet dog
","Wow. This film will have you going through every emotion imaginable.
If you have followed every Marvel movie in sequence leading up to this conclusion, you will soon be left feeling like you have lost a family member. An amazing end to this Marvel chapter."
"209","pugs1970","30 April 2019","
            8/10
            "," Generally a lazy written let down
","If you go into this movie thinking that you're going to get an Infinity Wars part II I'm afraid you're going to be disappointed. I enjoyed the movie, but I was hoping for so much more, and yes, I know, when you go into a movie with high expectations the chances are that you're setting yourself up for disappointment, but the more I think about this movie the more I hate the direction it took.
Now..obvious mistakes aside (Capt America with the power of lightning?...really??...it was literally explained in Ragnarok) the way they destroyed some of the best characters was completely frustrating, Lebowski Thor?....Slimey Hulk?.......a Thanos that you couldn't empathise with even though you knew it was wrong?.....meh....
The thing is, once you introduce time travel into a movie you're going to spend the rest of your days wondering 'why didn't they just....' unless it's done really intelligently, unfortunately this falls very short of that mark, and as whole...when I think about the film now, it just feels like a bit of an over emotional fan film, an MCU scrapbook of nostalgia that despite being 3 hours long...still felt incredibly rushed.
The biggest moment in ten years of Marvel movies was 'The Snap' ...yet in Endgame you don't even get to see any of effect of reversing it??....apart from a phone call from Hawkeye's wife?....baffling.
Throughout most of this film I felt like I was watching a parody, it's something you still have to watch.....and you'll probably enjoy it, just as long as you don't think about it afterwards."
"210","trebordjackson","6 May 2019","
            7/10
            "," I Love the movie but hate Captian Marvel
","I saw Avengers Endgame and it was incredible I absolutely loved it. The only blemish on this otherwise perfect movie is Captian Marvel she is the most *obnoxious* characters I have ever seen in my entire life. Annoying, Stone cold, smug, unsimpathic, ridiculously overpowered when Thanos punches he she just takes it WHAT THE ACTUAL H**L. All the other characters can barely land a punch. She flies through Thanos' ship like it is cardboard. She is a very unnecessary charcater. What bugged me the most is that when all the other Avengers were depressed even poor Thor was trying to drink his troubles away. Then this sarcastic a**hole comes in completely insensitive to them. What is wrong with you! Horrible Horrible Charcater. It reminds me of the Spongebob episode *Artist Unknown*. Squidward was the art teacher. Spongebob came in and was perfect at everything while barely trying. Only that was annoying for comedy purposes this is annoying for bad writting purposes."
"211","hh-94450","30 April 2019","
            8/10
            "," Underwhelmed
","If you are going to do a two-part movie, you need to flesh out the second movie before you make the first one. Infinity Wars - why did Dr Strange give away his stone? - Endgame - I don't know. Infinity Wars - if to take the Soul Stone requires a soul, what happens when you return it? - Endgame - I don't know. Infinity Wars - if there was only one hope for victory, what was it? Endgame - I don't know. Dr Strange refuses to tell and obviously a few Avengers had a chance of taking and using the hand, even in Infinity. So is Dr Strange BS or what? Endgame has the biggest fight scene of the Marvel series but for the most part it was an all-in brawl. Dr Strange's group and Ebony Maw seemed to have a plan but no-one else did. To look real battle scenes do need to be choreographed.
So it's the end of an era and presumably the start of a new one. Afro-Americans did well. They have Black Panther, Cheadle stays on as War Machine (takes over the Ironman position?? )and Falcon becomes Captain America. Women fill a host of secondary positions but only Black Widow has been at the core of the Avengers and Captain Marvel was distanced from the Avengers (ie. underutilised) in Endgame. Black Widow went without any sign of a replacement so yep, we now have an all-male Avenger Squad. WTH?
As a movie Endgame was good but as a sequel and a wind-up of the series, it was lame."
"212","satin-48250","10 July 2021","
            6/10
            "," Disappointing - They messed it up with Thanos
","Not and Avengers fan here but Infinity war was surprisingly good. Very good even thanks to the complexity of Thanos.They just messed it up in Endgame. Gone the complexity of Thanos. Captain Marvel""s intervention is just lazy writing.Too long. Boring.And Falcon??? Seriously???"
"213","movieliker1","8 February 2022","
            3/10
            "," Fun. But doesn't make sense.
","All these Avenger movies are great fun. But they don't fit together well.The biggest question left by this quadrilogy is --- where was Captain Marvel in Infinity War? She is the most powerful and capable of all the Avengers. She says in Endgame the Universe is a big place. And everybody doesn't have The Avengers to take care of them. Well? How was she helping anybody in the Universe if she allows Thanos to wipe out half the Universe with the snap of his fingers? I wonder how the original comic books answered this question.Well, I guess we aren't supposed to take these stories too seriously. It's all make believe anyway."
"214","tyler-catanzarite","26 July 2019","
            10/10
            "," Ok hear me out
","This is getting a 10/10 mostly because how it doesnt flop on its head ending a 22 movie long plot. Is this the best marvel movie? No not even close, is this as good as infinity war? No, me 2 months ago would say it is but me now would say other wise. But simply for the experience of seeing the first iron man in theaters when I was 8 to now me as 19 and making me cry it is easily a 10/10 due to it being like no other experience. If it wasnt an ending to a 22 movie long era than mayhe my score would reflect like an 8 or a 7, but due to it being what it is I am willing to bump it up. It is still better than like 15 marvel movies, it's still up there for one of their stronger movies. It's not as good as infinity war and winter soldier is still my favorite marvel movie not counting spiderman movies.
TLDR: Its simply unlike any experience in film yet, having a movie end a 22 movie long story and not flop on its face, usually movies cant finish a 3 movie long story without flopping, yet this movie managed to do it with a 22 movie long story. It isnt the best marvel movie, far from it, I would argue that infinity war is a much better movie, but I would say that this is my 2nd favorite avengers movie"
"215","matej-trkanjec-133-920386","26 April 2019","
            9/10
            "," THE Endgame
","There have been few movies in history that created this kind of hype - a sociological and emotional mass hysteria that covered the globe. An expectation that surpassed all others, an ending that everyone was expecting yet caught everyone by surprise, shock and awe. Endgame had a lot of expectations to fulfill, and it surpassed them all... light years from what was expected.Never has a year passed so quickly and with so much hype. The end days before the premiere were filled with nothing but expectation, fingernail biting and prolonged stages of sleep deprivation and theory development. If one was being scrubbed by one's boss - it didn't matter - Endgame is in a couple of days... if one was ill, one got better on the day of the premiere. Endgame had an effect that was so much more than a movie. It was an event of a generation, an ending to a decade long story and the finalization of all the character's arks. And yet, it had to be a sequel worthy of Infinity war. How was this possible to achieve all that in a single movie?1) The story. Unlike Infinity war which was much more a character driven movie (especially Thanos and the gang on Titan) Endgame is a story driven movie. The entire movie is split in three segments: a) the beginning; b) the middle; c) the endgame. The beginning is a bit rushed, uneasy on the casual viewer, expecting too much from the audience to follow in one moment. But then, it slows down, takes it's time with a realization that these characters are at their end and the story converges into a goodbye of sorts from their most important counterparts and their most important segments from the last ten years. This is Endgame's most triumphant segment - the realization of the magnitude of its characters and their meaning in the end - their own humanity and importance that they have for the viewers. However, Endgame holds its most powerful aspects 'til the very end. The climactic battle with Thanos and his army (again) is one that can easily rival Lord of the Rings or the Hobbit or Kingdom of Heaven etc. But, the magnitude of the battle and the number of heroes involved makes the endgame battle so powerful and overwhelming that it leaves the viewer in a perpetual state of adrenaline fulled with hype from start to finish. It is almost impossible to keep track of where all of them are and what they are doing but that is the best part - all of them are completely involved with everything they got - whatever it takes. Even the all-girl battle segment is entertaining and shows how much Marvel respects all of its characters no mater how small their role in any movie was. Up until the end, when Endgame shows it's true colors as Infinity war's successor, when it emotionally destroys almost everyone watching the movie. The final demise is the perfect and flawless ending for one of cinema's most recognizable and lovable heroes. The difficulty of his demise is, at this point, unprecedented. Endgame builds itself all the way up to a spectacular and unforgettable climax that resolves itself in just the perfect and (un)wanted way - perfection.2) The acting. Closely connected to the story are the actors that live the characters they are playing. There is no more acting with these people, the literally are those character down to their very core, and we have lived with them. Though better or worse, through all the trials and errors, thought all the sorrow and pain up until the end, when all of their strength combined (not only as characters but as actors and as people) they gave us an end worthy of legends. An ending that should be studied in movie history books and taught as a principle of movie making. The original Avengers, the ones that made comic book heroes real and important, are the ones that will be remembered after this movie. And they should be regarded as the heroes they have played. What hurts the most is the fact that these people really have feelings for each other and in their goodbyes and tears one really feels sorrow and pain. The soul stone segment and the phone call segment are perfect examples of these segments. But the love that bursts from the screen at the: ""You rest now"" scene
and the tears that flow afterwards are not acting. These kind of emotions do not psychologically constitute as acting - they are real and they are powerful. Because of their connection in such a way do the viewers feel and connect so deeply with some of their demises.3) The direction. To keep such a mastodon of a movie at bay and in such a coherent way is truly masterful. The Russo's directed the movie so that three hours feels more like an hour and a half (maybe the quantum theory is true after all). With so much to be told, and to be told with such respect, no ordinary director could have made this the way they did. It is also important to remember that they have directed MCU's finest movies - The Winter Soldier, Civil War, Infinity War, so they have more than enough practice. Henceforth, their balance of character driven story arks and finishing a ten year old story really makes one wonder how such perfection was achieved. Even though the first 20 minutes of the movie feels a bit too rushed with editing being a bit rigorous, the rest of the movie feels incredibly easy and fluent.4) The music. Silvestry actually did not make two soundtracks but used all the important tunes and themes used so far and combined them into something new and powerful. The start of the Endgame battle music feels and sounds like adrenaline being injected right into ones spine, while the eulogy of the godfather of the MCU sound and feels so emotional and powerful that in comparison to the strength felt merely seconds before creates an emotional burst in the viewers unprecedented in modern cinema.All in all, this is a near perfect movie. A flawless, emotional, powerful ride from start to finish. It is unlike anything one has ever seen or felt while watching a movie. Endgame was, is, and always will be one of the best movies ever made. It will remain in movie history as the most important ending to a story and characters beloved by millions. One does not see Endgame, one feels it, breathes it and lives with it. A long, long time will pass before anyone ever makes something even remotely close to the perfection that is Endgame."
"216","kaefab","25 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," Very over rated ending
","The movie does have lots of people in it, but Thor is a real joke, and under used, and Hulk too, what where they thinking, also Captain America uses Thor hammer.....The movies lacks what all other movies had action, lots of it, now its replace by useless long and boring chats, the action is missing in most part of the movie.... Also the fact that the movie is 3 plus hours long........Very over rated movie."
"217","portolourenco","4 May 2019","
            8/10
            "," Somehow they ruined it
","This is my own opinion, but so many things that didn't make sense in that movie... like so much stuff that could've been utilised in a better way and so many stupid things that were put on wrong hands. The image and the graphics are really good but the plot is weak.
Emotionally I give a 9/10
Graphics I give a 9/10
Storyline I give a 3/10"
"218","nancyldraper","30 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," A step down from INFINITY WAR
","After seeing ENDGAME for the second time, I'm ready to write my review, which will be difficult to do without spoilers. I find it interesting that those who gave INFINITY WAR a 10 were disappointed in this movie and I think I know why (for I am one of them) - INFINITY WAR took so many characters, such different tones in the worlds of the different heroes, with such a big story arc, yet managed to tell real stories interweaving the larger story, not just 3 minute cameos. ENDGAME, although having real moments of pathos, missed that balance. Despite moments of humour (many at cost of Thor's character, which I didn't appreciate), this movie basically had one tone and I was disappointed how some of our heroes were marginalized (and given bad haircuts). I know it was the end of an era, a passing of the torch. As a friend put it, ""Character development was never the focus of this movie, that was what all the previous movies were for...it was a perfect wrap up and set up for the next arc."" I agree this was all about the ensemble but there were edits (or complete changes) to our heroes' journeys for which I didn't care (too many stories were left off screen) with one exception (Nebula has a character arc). So, that's why I didn't enjoy this as much as INFINITY WAR yet it was still a great movie with great performances by all the cast, poignant moments of loss, great montages in the battle scenes and a real challenge demanding great cost. Kudos to the Russos and Kevin Feige for their hands at the tiller for this era. I give this film an 8 (great) out of 10. {Superheroes Action Adventure}"
"219","benjamincallinicos","15 May 2019","
            10/10
            "," Emotional, personal, spectacular masterpiece... but I still prefer Infinity War.
","Avengers Endgame had a lot to live up to with Infinity War the previous year being the most successful movie of 2018 and with that shocking ending, it shouldn't have disappointed people. Thankfully it didn't.THIS MOVIE WAS THE GREATEST THREE HOURS OF MY LIFE!It didn't feel like a three-hour slugfest like Lord of the Rings or The Hobbit, mind you, there are many elements of Return of the King in the final battle. The story was excellent and really personal and two of our beloved characters were killed off which was really heartbreaking. Both of them sacrifice themselves for their teammates. Black Widow and Tony Stark/Iron Man we have sadly lost and may never see again (The Black Widow movie will be a prequel, by the way.)Yes, you heard right, Marvel Studios had the balls to kill off their biggest character who started it all. Robert Downey Jr's Iron Man. He dies really heroically and the whole shocking event is set really well throughout the movie. He takes the stones from Thanos's gauntlet and uses them against him by saying these awesome words: ""And I... Am... Iron Man!"". The same words he said at the end of his first movie!Another stand-out of the movie is Chris Evans as Captain America. From having him fighting himself from the past, lifting Thor's hammer and getting his shield back at long last. Cap is amazing in this film. I'm going to miss Chris in that role so much. He finally got to say ""Avengers Assemble!"" in this movie and also got a happy ending by living his life with Peggy Carter, growing old and handing over his shield to Sam Wilson. Brilliant moment.That final battle was amazing, seeing every character from the MCU duke it out against Thanos and his army. So many great moments like Cap lifting Mjolnir, Pepper Potts kicking ass as Rescue, Scarlet Witch taking on Thanos and Spider-Man doing his thing.The Russo Brothers really delivered on the action, comedy, emotional weight and the scope of the film. Alan Silvestri's music really makes the movie come alive and that track that plays during Stark's funeral ""The Real Hero"" really makes you burst into tears, it's a beautiful piece that makes the scene flow with emotion. The only things that let movie down is Thor becoming fat and a drunken fool as well as some of the time travel elements being a bit too much but all in all this a great conclusion the Infinity Saga.So, all that's left to do is to say goodbye to this era of the MCU and look to the future which hopefully will start up another amazing story arc as Endgame puts an end to the Infinity Saga. Let's look to the future and see how the MCU carries on being awesome. I still prefer Infinity War as that movie does so many things right but Endgame does deliver as much great fan service as that did. The MCU will continue to expand and I know we are all worried about the future but they'll keep on being badass and amazing with every movie they do."
"220","mirwais-orbit","17 December 2019","
            6/10
            "," Unecessary
","There's a moment in one of Scream franchise openings that a girl makes a comment about the Stab franchise (the movie series within the movie). She says that even Stab series used time traveling because that's what they do when there's nothing else to tell.Funny enough, some of the Avengers makes a quite similar observation when Ant Man comes with this cliche idea. That was exactly the moment that I did remember that quote from Scream. And I couldn't expect anything different from that on.Infinity War was an amazing movie, first because it gave us all the feeling that heroes can fall, and villains can be more than just bad guys without purpose.Thanos is a villain because he was created that way, but his vision about the world and universe are unique and makes sense in his mind. When he snap his fingers and random people start disappearing, Infinity War made its point.At first, Infinity War was to be a movie divided in two parts, and the second part being the consequences and resolutions about the world after Thanos. A new era was about to be born, but suddenly it was stated that the 4th movie wouldn't be that way anymore.After finally watching Endgame, the reasons for that changes are very clear to me.First thing is that most of the fans couldn't stand the fact that some heroes have died, so writers had to think about a differet resolution to please them. Second is that Marvel failed to use it as an element of surprise to Endgame.What we see during 3 hours is an empty movie struggling to keep the pace of an entire cinematic universe created throughout a decade.As a whole, Endgame is only a redone version of Infinity War, and not exactly a follow up as it might seems. The consequences and resolutions are redundant when compared to the tragic ending of previous one. And yes, the time travelling plot was nothing else but a comfort zone to retell a story in a simpler way for the sake of a true ending.So, the clueless girl from Scream was right.Endgame had much more to tell than the way it was done. The plot development could have had dozen of different paths, and each one would have been much more interesting and still satisfying.I really don't understand how this movie became the biggest box office in history, because together with Age Of Ultron, is the weakest movie of the entire saga and entire MCU."
"221","lonewolfleeisnoob","27 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," EXCELLENT BETTER THAN INFINITY WAR !!!
","EXCELLENT BETTER THAN INFINITY WAR !!!
BETTER THAN A LOT OF SUPERHERO MOVIES AND IT SEEMS MARVEL WINS !! WHEN ARE THEY MAKING BATMAN VS HULK???? COZ THAT WAS ACTUALLY A COMIC ,,GOOGLE IT !! AND JOACHIN PHOENIX AS THE JOKER IS MAKING ME KINDA HAPPY AND HOPEFUL FOR THE COMIC BOOK ART MOVIES THAT ARE SOMETIMES GREAT LIKE WATCHMEN AND DARK NIGHT and YES TO ENDGAMESTAN LEE WOULD BE PROUD OF ENDGAMENUFF SAID"
"222","goharddamnit","2 May 2019","
            6/10
            "," Can't believe I am saying this but it disappoints
","I love Marvel Movies, I thought Infinity war was the best superhero movie ever and Thanos the best villain ever. I rated Infinity War with an absolute 10.But lets talk about this one. The expectations were very high of course, thanks to the first masterpiece.But this one has so many plot holes that it is ridiculous. I ll start with the movie itself first though.The pacing of the movie is slow and what I saw in the theaters does not justify 3 hours. They dragged it so muchThe fight scene happens in the end and there is no time to showcase each hero efficiently. Infinity was great because there was correct pacing and enough screen time for most heroesThey destroyed Thor's character. Thor is willing to sacrifice his life to avenge the deaths of his loved ones in Infinity War and he is so powerful with Stormbreaker that he nearly succeeds in killing Thanos. Yet when 2014 Thanos comes in, bearing no stones, Thor with BOTH Stormbreaker and Mjolnir is nothing for him. Man, how can you not consider this when making the movie?Hulk 100% sidelined once again. He is the original, strongest Avenger (or among the 2). Disappointing.Time traveling scenes are nothing more than references and fan service, no substanceCaptain marvel strong arms Thanos! Really? He might not be able to snap his fingers but he still has the power of the stones running through his body. He doesn't have to grab a stone with his left hand!Natasha's death was not dramatic. It was brushed off as humor! Terrible, just terrible.How anti-climatic to end the movie with a snap from Stark. I get it, contracts are over and stuff but that was weak for my tasteNow the many plot holes that sucked me out of the movie:The traveling back in time is an epiphany that they suddenly all inherently know the rules. Effortlessly. It doesn't feel earned. But lets forget that for a moment.The pim particle is used to timetravel 1 person. They were traveling in groups to the same timeline so, if it was possible to timetravel a whole gigantic ship with 1 particle like 2014 Nebula did, you would think that our heroes would use just 1 per group. Bu no. Our heroes use 1 per person. Thanos uses 1 for a freaking army.2014 Nebula can teleport that whole army with her hands doing that magic. So, 2019 Nebula could not? She is a better enhanced version of her 2014 self by definition!!!Nebula never tells them before hand that Thanos might be there BEFORE they go thereThe Soul Stone. Oh boy. Nebula knows what needs to be done to get it. She once again tells no one! Plus, the whole point is that you have to sacrifice your true love to get it! Not race with your friend on who gets to kill himself first! Clint didn't kill Natasha. He tried to save her. And she was not his true love, like Gamora was to Thanos.They do not want to create different timelines but they do. Thanos no longer exists in that past timeline as he gets killed prematurely, 5 years earlier. This means that he is not there to take those same actions as before, go after the stones, send people for the stones, do the snap. Nothing.Captain Marvel can fly in space. Yet, she takes the gauntlet and tries to fly through the battlefield! Just take it and fly away damn it! Fly over them!They send Captain America back with all the infinity stones, in a briefcase, all by himself!! Do you know how many villain can take a briefcase from Captain America????!!! IT DOESN'T MAKE ANY SENSECaptain America goes back once for all stones. These were taken from different timelines. He should have traveled 4 distinct times, not 1. This in not 1 timeline from which all the stones are missing. These are 4 distinct timelines.Captain America doesn't use the pim particle to come back. It is implied that he ends up near the lake naturally, he stayed back, leaved his life and aged. So, this means that he ended up in this timeline, which can't happen! He is in a different timeline, in the past!!!!!! This definitely wont lead to the same events, nothing as we know it. He can't just jump between timelines without the particle so that he meets Hulk and the others here! Just think about it for a sec!In this timeline the snap has happened. In Captain's new timeline, there are 2 captain America's first of all! But we are not meddling with time lines and stuff.I have more but I think I made my point."
"223","deeznutz-09839","5 November 2020","
            2/10
            "," I thought the mcu would change
","I thought the mcu was going to change after infinity war but this garbage proved me wrong. I thought they would stop doing the same generic garbage crap after infinity war but nope. Tbh it still hurts that's they reversed infinity war, infinity war would still be a 10/10 if they didn't reverse it and I'd be a marvel fan boy but nope, they just had to turn to this garbage again."
"224","Alice-","1 May 2019","
            10/10
            "," Unsatisfied
","I live Marvel .I love Superheroes.I love MCU and I loved Infinity War.The way I left the hall after I watched Infinity and The way I left the hall AFTER watching Endgane was completely different.So much hype and well deserved too but the ending was just not satisfactory at all.I liked bits of it but the other bit I just forced myself to like it just because I've been a fan of the creators and the actors and the characters for so long.But no It was not what I wanted not what we deserved."
"225","Alice-","1 May 2019","
            10/10
            "," Unsatisfied
","I live Marvel .I love Superheroes.I love MCU and I loved Infinity War.The way I left the hall after I watched Infinity and The way I left the hall AFTER watching Endgane was completely different.So much hype and well deserved too but the ending was just not satisfactory at all.I liked bits of it but the other bit I just forced myself to like it just because I've been a fan of the creators and the actors and the characters for so long.But no It was not what I wanted not what we deserved."
"226","andregezz","6 August 2023","
            10/10
            "," Truly Beautiful
","I just watched the Avengers movies and some of the infinity saga and I truly think this is a great movie, the CGI and acting were wonderful and the ending was truly a masterpiece and was probably the best ending for a movie saga (don't quote me on this). There are some low points but they are they don't effect the true rating which is a ten, this movie deservers the 8.4. Or an 8.5, I kinda have a bias. Cause i grew up with the marvel movies specifically Iron Man and stuff but the bias does not effect my rating. I live it and many others love it as well i regard this the end 0of the entire mcu from Iron Man - No Way Home, the other multiverse movies are mid and are very odd."
"227","pennaracer","14 July 2019","
            10/10
            "," No Words for This
","This is the superhero movie we have been waiting for
This is Part 2 of Infinity War and it just keeps getting better
Not only this movie will be one of the best superhero movies but one of the greatest movies ever
I don't have anything else to say about this amazing movie
This is a must watch and prepare to be awed by the ending"
"228","schmid-maximilian","24 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," Best Marvel Movie Ever
","Just watch this epic final of the best Marvel movie ever!"
"229","BatuhanEnizToprakman","27 April 2019","
            9/10
            "," BEST MOVIE EVER........!
","I've been waiting for this moment for 11 years I grew up with marvel as I could not stand tony's death first because I cried because it was our first eye pain that we filmed the first half-hour in the first half an hour or something, moving forward after a ride was a construction of the eternity stones sent us into ancient times We understood the importance of time and it was nice to see the ancient one again, and the room was aware of everything, they took the stones stark made their own glove and the hulk snapped her finger and everyone came back now, you know where the enemies are! such a battle is not the greatest battle in the history of the film captain america is also taking an attractive abooo. :) then ours is taking tony dying captain goes to the past and goes on with margaret carter and then comes to the old state falcona is giving the shield to the new captain america she is leaving thor asgard kingdom to valkrie and joining guardians of the galaxy he ends."
"230","ndarvianp","24 April 2019","
            6/10
            "," One of the fastest 3 hours of my life!
","A colossal conclusion, a proper ending for an epic saga.
It brought you to the beginning, it remind you of all the years you have invested. Then boom, here is that dessert that make you overwhelmed and craved at the same time.
It closed one door to open up another, there is still a new journey ahead of us.
Great execution by Joe and Anthony Russo!"
"231","locutus-08917","26 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," Not as good as infinity war
","This film was hyped so much i couldn't wait to watch it....the film is good but i didnt get the wow factor i had when i watched infinity war.....all the trailers and the online leaks wasted the ending for me....i still love marvel movies and will go see every one that comes out but for me this was good but not as good as I/W"
"232","FrenchEddieFelson","24 April 2019","
            6/10
            "," A breathtaking Homeric battle
","This is probably one of the most anticipated blockbusters of the moment, with Star Wars: Episode IX - The Rise of Skywalker (2019). The previous opus of the Avengers series, Avengers: Infinity War (2018), had left 'us' high and dry, in the depths of the abyss, while the latest episode of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, Captain Marvel (2019), gave 'us' back a glimmer of hope.In short, I saw it in Paris this morning and I enjoyed it. It's an efficient blockbuster. The script and the manifold plot twists permanently keep the audience spellbound and breathless. This movie is one of the funniest and one of the most spectacular of the complete Marvel Cinematic Universe saga, not to mention an astonishing Computer-Generated Imagery, despite manifold script weaknesses that I will partially reveal below, within a dedicated post-script.Otherwise, a very unusual observation, at least within Paris: the audience has repeatedly applauded, at least 7/8 times, including the very beginning and the end of the movie, conveying an uncontrollable impatience, like a collective catharsis boosted to the extreme. And a female teen, about 17/18 years old, not far from me, cried. Literally! The audience was obviously made up of fans conquered beforehand... and that was part of the show!So Marvel, what's next? I am probably addicted and certainly impatient!As a post-script, a few remarks, annoyances or even irritations:1) First, a tiny spoiler as a favor. You will get absolutely nothing at the very end. Contrary to the Marvel habits and customs, there is no post-credit scene.2) The first half-hour is an immeasurable disappointment. While Thanos had, in the first opus, undertaken a Herculean task, a titanic challenge, a Homeric Odyssey in order to gather the 6 infinity stones and ""bring balance to the universe"" as a demiurge, in the second opus, he contents himself with a miserable and lonely life such as a peasant from the Middle Ages, because ""the stones served no purpose beyond temptation"". Wooooow! Literally incredible.3) Who understood this quote from Tony Stark to Steve Rogers? ""It's the EPR paradox. Instead of pushing Lang through time, you might have wound up pushing time through Lang"". Honestly, I do not know if we need an IQ above 250 or below 60 to understand this quote...4) During the manifold fights versus the Avengers, we do not really see the difference between Thanos with the 6 infinity stones and Thanos without: his power seems unchanged!5) Time travel exists fundamentally in two versions: a change in the past will or will not have an impact in the future. Even if the first category is the most representative with classics such as The Terminator (1984) or Back to the Future (1985), Avengers: Endgame (2019) clearly belongs to the second category.6) For their time heist, the Avengers break down into 3 separate teams to join 3 distinct time-spaces in which there are 3 Thanos. One Thanos in each space-time: New-York in 2012, Asgard in 2013, Morag+Vormir in 2014. During 60 minutes, we follow these 3 concomitant stories. The Thanos from 2014 discovers and understands the whole intrigue thanks to his daughter Nebula. Nevertheless, the Avengers are able to switch from one space-time to another one, thanks to a protective suit, a GPS bracelet and a capsule containing Pym particles. Thus, these three elements are specially designed by Tony Stark, with the posthumous help of Hank Pym, for such an expedition and are a priori mandatory for the way in and the way back. But we do not really know how, the Thanos from 2014 will go back in time with his faithful right-hand man Ebony Maw, the whole armada and a huge spaceship. Wooooow! Even alone, this time-travel should be impossible.7) For the time heist in Vormir, why Natacha Romanoff and Clint Barton have to go first through Morag, with James Rhodes and Nebula? The Avengers could have splitted the whole team in 4 instead of 3 from the start, right? So, why 3 teams instead of 4? Knowing that I see no reason for this detour via Morag, I think that the scriptwriters were desperately stuck and were looking for a way for the Thanos of 2014 to recover a free fast-pass, i.e. a protective suit + a GPS bracelet + a Pym capsule. Those of the mortal remains of Natacha Romanoff. Except that the Thanos of 2014 was absolutely not aware of the presence of this corpse on Vormir. In any way!8) The scriptwriters have combined two ultra-complex concepts, i.e. time travel and quantum realm, in order to optimally cheat the audience. Indeed, when Tony Stark and Steve Rogers are back in New-York, they are magically able to time-travel from New-York in 2012 to Camp Lehigh in 1970 without the help of any quantum tunnel device...9) .... and so on ... and so on ... The screenwriters had obviously bigger eyes than belly! In short, this is a typical pop corn movie: turn your brain off, and then, and then only, enjoy the show!10) At last, a two-penny question: where did they find inspiration for the hairstyles? A moronic soccer player for Clint Barton, undoubtedly. Without forgetting Carol Danvers, or how to disfigure a sex bomb with a pair of scissors?That's all, folks!"
"233","ashfordofficial","20 December 2021","
            3/10
            "," I LOVE YOU 3000
","Avengers: Endgame is a depressing and emotional conclusion of the long awaiting Infinity Saga. The final product is not what I had hoped for, but the Russo Brothers created something special that reflex the wholesome of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.This film marks the end of an era for some of our beloved characters that we cherished and loved. Going down memory lane is not an easy task, but we sit through 181 minutes to say goodbye to our favorite Avenger. A proper farewell is necessary for Tony Stark and Robert Downey Jr. Because he helped to build this franchise juggernaut that reaping billions at the box office.As the first Avenger and leader of the world's mightiest heroes, Steve Rogers will always be the patron saint of the MCU. Chris Evans helped to shape Captain America as the poster boy for American patriotism and his departure will leave a huge gap and we can hope that his new successor will continue his path of righteousness and compassion.Avengers: Endgame failed Black Widow and she deserves better."
"234","iGlad","9 May 2019","
            10/10
            "," I am all Superhero'd out
","I was slightly underwhelmed by the movie and I didn't cry at the ending at all. There was far too much sickly sweet scenes for my liking.The time travel bit left more questions than answers for me. The 2nd click mmmmI won't be going to see anymore Marvel movies apart from maybe Black Panther as I'm done"
"235","genderarm","2 August 2019","
            8/10
            "," Skip the first 2 hours
","There's absolutely no pay off to be had plot wise here. Nothing to see here people. Fast forward through to the last hour and you're good. You will have missed nothing.This movie was either way too long or just nowhere near long enough. This was supposed to be a part II of conclusion that wraps up an entire universe of characters spanning 20 movies and they couldn't be arsed to give us a third act?Unfortunately, they titled the movie Avengers: Endgame, and making a sequel to that would be nearly as bad as having a movie titled Rambo: First Blood Part II. What would they have called a third movie? Avengers: The Really Real End Time, Place, Realm. (No, we honestly mean it this time.)Sadly, the first hour or so of the movie is Ant Man trying to save a tacked on, marketing driven first act that pays off in no way. Meanwhile, also tied to marketing, some major plot holes and omissions were completely egregious.A large portion of the principle photography for this movie was done alongside side Infinity Wars itself, which would've made sense if they'd had a coherent story line by then.Leave it to the screenwriters, they'll make something of it. Leave it to the editors, they'll fix it in post. Well, somebody forgot to fix it. And it wasn't me. Fortunately, marketing fixes everything.Let's face it, there are two kinds of people in this world: those who for a final movie who are just going to love it no matter what, those who view the movie with the same critical eye they would the others, and those who decide that there can only be two types of people.Why are there always two kinds of people? Look at Loki! Now that's an interesting character. He can be good; he can be bad. He's fiendish and lovable. He's a hero and a villain and an anti-hero and-still, somehow-human, god, and ice thing.Honestly, Infinity Wars couldn't have come at a worse time. It was originally a much larger unification of Marvel heroes and villains, and now that Disney owns all of the other Marvel Universe crap, that movie could've been the Infinity Wars, with a plot that started to wrap up before the last movie.Ah well, maybe in 20 years they'll redo the whole thing again with the X-Men and Silver Surfer in it (take or leave the Fan-4. This is super likely.I heard Spider Man: Far From Home was really really good, but I have no desire to see it. Why? Because it sounds to me like Spider Man visits France for Holiday and Meets some Good Guys and some Bad Guys and forces you to watch the credits so you can see 30 seconds that tease you into watching the next movie that's just going to do the same thing."
"236","awesomeguy_92","29 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," A good movie but not the best one
","I don't know why people are calling it the best Marvel movie till date. Come on guys did you not watched infinity war. To be honest, that was the greatest movie and this was no way near that. It has so many loopholes and extra scenes, I don't know what Russo brothers were thinking. It got lucky just because of all the buildup that the previous movies made, otherwise it would have end up just like justice league."
"237","nikunjpandya-47509","24 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," Epic
","This time I m speech less best movie of the year and so emotional comedy and some out of action this is snap of fingers"
"238","Greyrat2","4 September 2021","
            8/10
            "," The end of an Era. Onto the next one.
","This movie isn't perfect. But i feel like Endgame is actually pretty amazing because it has more characters than any other movie and somehow manages to give a conclusive ending to all of them along with 11 years of the Infinity saga. Ngl, My life was complete when I saw the Portals scene."
"239","khansaeed-21539","25 April 2019","
            9/10
            "," What a sendoff
","I don't wanna spoil anything but god damn ..this was amazing, funny, dramatic, sad, action packed...everything about it was just perfect..
The 3 hours went by like they were nothing.
And im gonna go watch it again on Friday because this was a emotion roller coaster and i need more of if."
"240","teodoreh","2 May 2019","
            7/10
            "," It was good, but not as good as Thor 3 or Infinity War
","There was so much hype about this movie. The social media made a good deal of fuzz about the ticket records it broke, its length etc, etc.To start with the obvious: It's not a bad Marvel Movie. But it's surely not the best. Regarding the script and the pace, I think it reminds me something like Avengers 2 and Thor 2 and that's not the best movies Marvel made.To me, Thor 3 is the best movie of all Marvel Universe, because it has a super good balance between action, dialogs, script, and humor. You never felt bored, you never felt you knew what's coming.On Endgame, sometimes I felt bored. It was a combination of medicre editing, script or acting. For example, fat Thor joke wasn't halve as good as bad haircut Thor. The scenes that should produce laughs, were between average and good.Although 3 hours long, it failed to show the extension of misery the planet has fallen into. In the opening scenes they easily kill Thanos, next scene misery, third scene hope, fourth scene Stark rejects the idea of time travel, next scene he finds the solution, next scene, the machine is ready. It's the very same Tony Stark that on Iron Man 2 spend half a movie trying to figure out how to create a new element.Time travel movies are always problematic because no matter how much mumbo jumbo terminology you add, the truth is that no matter how the heroes avoid to interact or change the future, their own existance on the past will change their universe. So, Endgame can laugh about Hot Tub Time Machine, but the truth is, it is still a HTTM movie.. ;DAlso, it's disappointing to continiously upgrade Thor's powers and on the final battle scenes, to take them back without a proper explanation. Thor easily defeated a Thanos that was on the maximum of his powers using the Infinity Gauntled on Infinity War, but on Endgame, he's unable to beat him even without Thanos having full power! That's silly.Yes it's a huge movie and even with 30 second cameos from top actors like Robert Redford or Michael Douglas you should need 1 hour for all characters but in the end, it's not about how many people you will squeeze into the movie. It's about how you will build a good pace with balanced action and humor.Maybe it's about the fact that everybody pretty much knew how things would end while on other movies like Thor 3, things were a bit more chaotic. Maybe it's because there wasn't much time about showing the details of a 5 year period. Maybe it was the fact that the first memory that jumps into my mind every time I recall the movie is Black Widow standing on a desk and coordinating x-avengers. Maybe is the fact that Thor from an arrogant young person, became super-strong in 5 movies (Thor 1,2,3, Avengers 1,2) and then, back to mediocre again. Maybe is the fact that Hulk was portrayed like the Beast from X-Men now. Maybe it was because we never got answers from the previous movie, like what Loki meant when he talked about the sun rising again, or why Hulk refused to help Banner. Even on this movie, Hawkeye becoming a renegade, makes no sense. All heroes that presented a second chance (Stark, Thor, Hawkeye) react like ""Nah, I will pass"" instead of be super-excited about it. I know 5 years passed, but the movie fails to show how this period changed our heroes.Thanos final fight on Infinity War, much inferior to that of Endgame.
Humor much much inferior to Thor3.Of course it is not a bad movie, but it could epic - and despite all those Anchorman cameos, it's not. But I guess, when you have limited time to repeat a wordwide success, surely you will have fails now and then.Endgame was destined to be an epic ending. It was. But only 8 out of 10."
"241","PeteThePrimate","16 October 2019","
            10/10
            "," A fitting and moving end to the story.
","A fitting end to a 22 movie story. It is not a full blown action packed Avengers movie, but what it does, and it does it very well, is wrap up everything in close to 3 hours with respect to everything that's gone before it.
No spoilers here, but you'll enjoy the action, laugh at the humour and it will (probably) make you sad in parts. Loved the last couple of scenes especially. It's unusual to be able to watch 2 excellent films in 1 week (Joker being the other)."
"242","LadiesMan315","27 April 2019","
            7/10
            "," A freakin masterpiece
","This will go down as the best Marvel movie ever created. During the first hour it's like a pick up of where they left off in Infinity War, it's like shattered glass you don't even know where to start to put pieces back together,2nd hour it starts to get fun and exciting and it's like this is what we came here to do and we better make it worth it, bc we only have one shot.The last hour are the moments everyone has been waiting for, and the last final battle scene is the best action scene ever made. The people who made it deserve some type of an award for making something from a comic and putting it onto the big screen, I'm not even overrating it. All you heard in the theater was sniffles, it was absolutely breathtaking.SPOILER* (Do not continue reading if you don't want to know this)
Only negative OPINION I have is the Fact that Hulk was a total waste of character they definitely could've used him ALOT more. MCU has made hulk a JOKE. He didn't even fight. They need to just cancel his character, his character was a huge disappointment like really."
"243","jpolywog-52354","3 May 2019","
            1/10
            "," Not up to the hype!
","Overlong and cheesy in the extreme. As a massive Avengers fan I was disappointed in the film. Who on earth decided to portray Thor as an overweight bloated drunkard?..That person should be hit with Thor's hammer. In a way I am glad that it has come to an end. It had become a money making machine at the expense of high octane adventure. Yes I will miss it but maybe not as much as I should!!!"
"244","FluffyPantsReviews","17 July 2019","
            8/10
            "," How?
","How in the hell did Marvel Studios pull this off. A epic conclusion to 11 years of films and the epic follow up to Infinity War. Some how the 3 hours long movie does not get boring at any point. I love seeing the world after the snap and the time heist is fun look back to other MCU movies. Plus the final hour of the movie is what I am just going to say has the best movie scene of all time. The most epic battle from Captain America, Thor, and Iron Man vs Thanos and all Avengers characters against Thanos and his forces. Love it!!!!!!!!!"
"245","flowergirlindahe","25 January 2020","
            10/10
            "," Disappointing
","For a Marvel movie, this BLUNDERED. It's meant to be the Endgame! The ending everyone's been waiting for! Waiting for the writers to use their magic, but no. The writers got lazy. Time-travel? Are you serious? Time-travel? Despite this obvious critique, I enjoyed it, but it just lacked that typical Avengers magic."
"246","dagallop","8 June 2019","
            10/10
            "," boring, bored, boredom - what a mess of a movie
","What a crying shame that a movie that had so many people awaiting its arrival delivered so little. And, it seemed to take forever to deliver that!I believe that this is one of the most critical reviews I have ever given and believe me, I firmly believe that it is wholly because my expectations were set so high by the franchise that it was pretty much doomed unless it was mind blowingly good.If the story had had one thread of; 'that was believable' or even an odd; 'that could work' it may have been able to recover but, it doesn't. It doesn't even have a; 'that was cool' at any point either!It's actually so boring I had finally found a movie I could replenish concessions during and didn't feel like I had missed anything. The reality is that I probably missed some really critical parts but it didn't matter, the movie had lost me long since then.The entire story was so convoluted that it was just plain terrible. The basic thread was non existent and I agree with many other reviewers that certain characters were pointless.Synopsis: Infinity wars was mediocre, this isn't. Also, personally, it has done so much harm to the franchise, I for one won't be bothering to spend the 'sizeable' costs involved in cinema excursions for any Avenger related future offering again."
"247","duoasf","24 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," Disappointingly Mediocre
","I want to begin by saying that had this been a standalone movie I would have probably given it a 4 or 5, but for this particular movie, the movie of the decade, the big conclusion everything was leading up to, mediocre-ness is worse than complete failure. We were promised a masterpiece and we received something that what so-so at best.
I'll break down what I think went wrong, so spoilers ahead:
The biggest issue with this movie is the ever-paradoxical use of time travel. Unless you are making a silly comedy like ""Back to the Future"" it always messes with continuity and no matter how well you try to explain that the canon reality does not just collapse under the paradox, it is always going to feel like the lazy way out, and so it did in this one. Steve deciding to go rogue back to the 40s, thus ignoring all the character development he went through and irreparably messing with every timeline is not exactly the extremely satisfying closure we were promised in interviews with directors and actors. Overall I suppose the expectations were just so high that nothing could have lived up to it, but with the amounts of money and the access to great creators Marvel has I really would have expected something else- something as creative and mind-blowing as they promised instead of the honestly mediocre at best time-travel flick we got. Messing with timelines and essentially de-canonizing large chunks of the MCU just was not what I was hoping for.
Another thing I had a problem with is that this movie was supposed to perfectly conclude every character's arc so far. We were promised a suitable ending of some journeys and at least a crucial point in everyone else's. Instead, Black Widow was killed without ever even allowing her to develop a character. Thor, who could have been the ideal king of Asgard was turned into a fatphobic joke by equating his chubbiness with sloppiness (personally, I liked his new look. Thor looked rather like a man who is strong from physical labour than planned workouts and diet plans, but the way they dressed him in dirty clothes, made him lazy and greasy is just so terrible), while the lessons he learned in Ragnarok and the sacrifices he made did not seem to have any effect at all; the loyalty he felt to his people completely disappeared. Iron Man was ripped of his peaceful retirement, where for the first time he was allowed to try to heal, just because someone had to die dramatically.
Don't misunderstand me, I am not bitter that they killed off beloved characters, in fact I understand that it had to happen, however I would have loved to see them take the characters' arcs into account. In my opinion, Steve should have died because he has no place in either the future or the past, and his mission is completed. Tony, on the other hand, should have lived because he finally made an effort to heal and overcome his trauma. I don't mean to suggest that one or another character should or should not have died, I only think I might have been able to accept the way things turned out if there was a reasonable plot leading up to it that made their death a logical conclusion. The Marvel movies are fictional and everyone who goes to watch them is very aware of the fact that there is a team of writers and creators who crafted everyone's arc and worked on it for a long time. I would have appreciated to watch the outcome reflect the amount of work and time I am sure many people put into this project.
Ultimately I have to admit that the messages we get to take away from this film are what really made me sad: People with trauma don't deserve to heal, people's actions and experiences have seemingly no consequences, and friendship and found family mean nothing against the ideal of a romantic relationship.This is a very long movie and so there are many more things I could address, for example the ""Hail Hydra"" scene, Steve wielding Mjolnir, how similar this movie was to the last one, Loki's unexplained disappearance in the past timeline, the cheap attempt of making up for the lack of lgbt heroes by showing a mlm extra in one scene, the list goes on. But all those things seem somehow related to the major issues I addressed earlier. Perhaps the hype was too big, perhaps the team did get lazy and rested on the success of the franchise or perhaps it is just me expecting too much from a superhero movie.
Regardless, if you loved this movie, I see your point, it is in many ways what we were expecting, but what I was hoping for was something new, something revolutionary that would surprise and amaze me. Maybe in another ten or twenty years we will get that movie I thought this was going to be, but I am afraid that by then I will not be interested anymore."
"248","DoctorDragon","11 July 2020","
            10/10
            "," 8/10 as a movie, 10/10 as an experience.
","(Before starting reading remember: this is MY opinion and how I felt by watching this movie. If you didn't enjoy it...I am sorry for you.)I will never be so hyped again for a movie in general. This is the perfect conclusion for a 10 years old saga. It closes the arches of the main characters and opens some for the new ones. The battle scenes are awesome, the themes too, perfect character narration and development. Maybe the plot is a little bit simple and predictable, but sometimes you don't need a complex one to do a perfect movie. You can't judge a movie only by one aspect of itself. Infinity war was the ACTION part, endgame was the FEELINGS part.
Yes, infinity war was better, but this movie also has its moments.One of the best experiences I had in a theater, we cried, we laughed, we smiled. almost PERFECTION."
"249","Nate723","10 July 2019","
            10/10
            "," Best Avengers film ever
","It was Great ending but also emotional.
When I remember the first avengers film and now the ending of the avengers, I was very emotional
Especially, when Two Avengers die (Iron Man and Black Widow).
At the ending of the film, It was like 3rd world war.I LOVE YOU 3000"
"250","Slarkshark","20 June 2021","
            7/10
            "," Everything Leads to this
","What a cinema experience. Saw this opening night and the cheering that erupted at certain points gave instant goosebumps. A couple of legendary moments in the movie that I will never forget. Nothing has come close and I feel like nothing else ever will. Over 20 movies have led to this, and Endgame delivered big time.There really isn't much else to say. The movie is packed full of every emotion. One simply has to have made the great journey to appreciate this masterpiece. This is the peak of the MCU and I fear it will only decline, but time will tell."
"251","Offworld_Colony","10 February 2020","
            9/10
            "," Having lost someone close to me with the simultaneous mixture of long and drawn out and extremely quickly as certain diseases will do;
","I found Avengers Endgame difficult to watch but only because it was beautiful and painful.
There are two ways to enjoy this movie, one as a fun time heist, throwback, exciting blockbuster with some snappy oneliners and a healthy dose of gloss, the closure of some main character arcs and some significant resolution (although also with a heady dose of sequel potential of course.).The other way to view this movie is a movie in touch with the heart of grief and loss, and also just losing. It's deeply sad throughout and people try to put a brave face on as you do, but grief is no slouch and it clearly takes constant work for them all just to buck up and rally around another one of sad-faced Captain America's many speeches.
It all culminates in the death of Iron Man and the eventual death of Captain America and both men get what they want. Lives without all this pain; The burden of responsibility and honour. When Stark dies it's quick but it feels earned, and when Potts leans in to him and allows him to go, he doesn't register anything on his face because he's dying. But you hope he registers it somewhere before he does.
I'd need to see it again to appreciate the nuances and the Easter eggs but I was profoundly moved by watching these people (characters) we know well by now, in the kinds of pain we will all go through. And strangely it overtook my experience of the movie but not in a bad way.So I gave it 5 stars. When I wash it clean from my mind and watch it again. I'll be able to assess its many levels, achievements and flaws. But as a film about loss. It's superbly layered and surprisingly effective and therefore I say it's pretty much succeeded on a human level. For something with a massive green dude in spectacles and fat Thor in it, that's saying something."
"252","rexmatthewj","13 March 2023","
            7/10
            "," WOW
","""Avengers: Endgame"" (2019) is the final film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe's Infinity Saga, and it brings to a close the storylines of many of the franchise's most beloved characters. The film takes the audience on a journey through time and space, as the surviving Avengers attempt to restore order to the universe and defeat the evil Thanos.The themes of sacrifice, friendship, and the power of hope are at the forefront of the film, and the filmmakers handle these themes with the care and respect that the characters and their arcs deserve. The tone of the film is grandiose and epic, with moments of levity and humor to balance the film's more serious moments.The acting is, as always, superb, with standout performances from the entire cast. Robert Downey Jr. Brings a sense of closure to his decade-long portrayal of Tony Stark, while Chris Evans delivers a powerful farewell to his character Steve Rogers. The characters are well-developed and, for fans of the franchise, it is a treat to see so many of them on-screen together.The direction is top-notch, with the Russo brothers delivering some truly awe-inspiring action sequences that will have you on the edge of your seat. The score is fitting and emotive, adding to the film's overall sense of grandeur and importance. The cinematography is stunning, capturing the scope and scale of the film's epic battles and locations.The production design is outstanding, with each set piece and location looking like they have been lifted straight from the pages of a comic book. The special effects are, as always, state-of-the-art, and the film's final battle is a visual feast. The editing is smooth, keeping the film's pace moving at a breakneck speed, while the dialog is sharp and witty.Overall, ""Avengers: Endgame"" is a fitting conclusion to the Marvel Cinematic Universe's Infinity Saga and a love letter to fans of the franchise. It is a film that will leave audiences feeling satisfied and emotional, and it is a testament to the power of the superhero genre to tell compelling and emotionally resonant stories. This movie is exceptional and a truly unforgettable experience."
"253","Akaanksh","27 April 2019","
            1/10
            "," A Satisfying Conclusion
","Avengers Endgame Review
Score - 10/10
Avengers Endgame could be well described as the most complicated storyline in the entire Marvel history not only because it had to wrap up a story of eleven years but also because of the complex solution to an inevitable situation that The Avengers try to achieve with the avenging not being the major part of the story.
The three hour runtime was well utilized by giving more time to establish the characters' humanistic attachments and the losses they suffered; not only in this movie, but from the very moment they've been incepted into this franchise.
Unlike the previous outings, the characters differ in their choices and these contrasts in their choices lead up to one massive and satisfying final battle which may not end the entire MCU, but certainly does end a glorious era of the long franchise.
The entire movie, especially the final battle was a huge fan service as it included everything a Marvel fan could possibly dream of.
PS: There is no Post - Credits Scene in the film, but it is worth waiting for the entire credits to roll."
"254","robinerrin","29 April 2019","
            8/10
            "," Thor was completely ruined
","This film is not as good as many of the other Marvel movies (and certainly not the 'great' film reviewers are saying it is). It started off VERY slowly / took a while to get going. HATED what they did with Thor's character - making him a fat, lazy drunk. And I really think they should have killed off Hawkeye (who had become almost unlikable / a complete psychopath0 as opposed to Black Widow (who is a fan favorite). There were also a lot of inconsistencies with regards to bringing people back from the dead - they were brought back 5 years later, but they had not aged (while everyone else around them did age). Yet somehow, Peter Parker is still going to high school with all of the same high school friends who have miraculously NOT aged (unless they had all been deleted by Thanos, I find this highly unlikely). Captain Marvel, while very cool, was made to be too powerful. They also waited far too long to bring everyone back - not until the very end of the movie. So while it was 'enjoyable' (end fight scene was fantastic), there were many things that could have been done better."
"255","bradinhanson","26 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," The Worst of all MCU films making even DC Shine
","* Why buildup Thor only to tear him to shreds in Endgame? You literally destroyed his brand.
* How was Captain Marvel able to locate the ship Tony Stark was on at the beginning of the film?
* Why use ""Quantum Realm"" when the majority of the audience will get confused and lost in it?
* Why did Captain Marvel say she was going to fight Thanos solo when she, Captain America, Thor, and Iron Man couldn't even take him down without a use of a gauntlet? Is she really that arrogant?
* Why was Thanos awesome in the first movie, but became a generic villain in Endgame?
* Why did the writers do an awesome job on the infinity war, but fall hard in Endgame? Did someone just tell them, ""let's put all the jokes and scenes you guys want and hopefully it makes sense."" Because that's exactly what it felt like.
* Why doesn't doing anything in the past affect the future? It felt so cringeworthy seeing interactions in previous movies that weren't meant to happen.
* Why has Thor become Batman of the DC universe? Do directors and producers LOVE destroying characters that we love? Seems like it.
* Thor's mother didn't need to be ""trained by witches"" to know that her son Thor was different from her son she saw only moments earlier. So why even bring that up?
* Did everyone who ""died"" in infinity war go to a special spirit world of wakanda and just remain there till 5 years later according to spider-man?
* Why couldn't have anyone simply put on the gauntlet and wiped out Thanoses army? And why didn't Thanos destroy everybody who was a threat to him in infinity war?
* Why did a rat start Endgame by returning ant-man? That seems awfully convenient doesn't it?
* How can Captain America pick up Thor's hammer and even use lightning when he couldn't pick it up in the first avengers movie?
* Where was Captain Marvel most of the movie? Was she vacationing?
* Why was the first hour so slow, The second hour and a half talking about quantum physics that no one understands, and the last 30 minutes of the film fighting when anyone could have simply worn the glove and wiped out thanoses army?
* How did Scarlett Witch seemingly become more powerful than even Captain Marvel?
* Why didn't anyone save Black Widow when everything else can be done with convenience? Did no one just not want to save her because there was no purpose and it just gave them rage to fight?There's a hundred more questions I want to ask, but these are just some of the main ones."
"256","qamanyyy","7 May 2020","
            10/10
            "," Dudhdhd
","ZdjcjcjcjdjcjfjfjfjfFuudhfhf gf jfjf
Cjxmxnxmd
Ckxccc
Ckxjf
Chdjdjdjdjd
Cjcjcjxjxjxjxjcjfjjxjx
Over rated"
"257","phoenixinvictus","1 August 2019","
            9/10
            "," Was it just me or did Dr Strange give us the finger towards the end?
","Whaaaat? Time travel? Really? No way I saw 'this' coming... Except, I did. Oh no, Ironman and Black Widow are dead. Boohoo! Except nobody ever DIES in these movies (like the Red Skull-cough cough). They'll be brought back by some sort cloning technology or with some weird voodoo magic (...or time travel). It worked for Deadpool after all. The avengers literally couldn't go on any further. I mean the violence kind of escalated when they destroyed a city, then a small country, then a planet and finally the entire universe! You can't trump that! Although... Buffy the vampire slayer did save the multiverse. Was it just me or did Dr Strange gave the audience the literal finger towards the end? He did but this movie is PG13 so it wasn't that finger. Like everyone else who has a modicum of intelligence I too thought Thanos's motive was moronic as well as it was dumb. Try to follow my reasoning. He snaps his fingers and half the Universe's population is gone. What are the survivors going to do? Hmmm? The most logical thing is they will just breed again and then we're back to square one. We can't just assume that all species have the same gestation period as humans do. An elephant for instance has the gestation period of about 22 months, a whale about 16 months, a horse about 12 months, and cat and dogs about 58 DAYS... What about rabbits and rats? Oh about 22 days. My point is some species will repopulate their losses in a matter of days depending on how advanced their technology is or how fertile they are (we have no idea how aliens do their funny business and we don't want to know-just saying). So wiping out half the population isn't going to solve anything, quite the contrary. Humans would take about thirty to forty years to repopulate. In the meantime, you're going to have chaos and destruction following when people are suddenly disappearing when cars are suddenly crashing, planes are falling from the skies and nuclear reactors are going off or when nuclear silos are suddenly unguarded. All this would require more resources to be used to contain the chaos that would follow. Earth is tiny and we have limited resources, but the Universe has UNLIMITED resources! The Universe is very huge, LIKE HUMONGOUS HUGE! Any species that has mastered space technology can simply colonise an asteroid or planet and mine the heck out of it. Now, Thanos has a magic gauntlet which theoretically can give him whatever his giant heart desires. Even Thanos eventually acknowledges that his original plan is dumb and decides to recreate the Universe. Now THAT should have been his original plan. That I could understand. The Avengers used time travel to fix their problems... (Sigh-this is literally the laziest writing ever). The first time he snapped his fingers and kills half the Universe's population he becomes a gardener... A gardener! That is his endgame? Pointless genocide: check! Now I will go to my cucumber and tomato paradise: check! I wonder if Dr. Strange saw this in every one of his 14,000,605 outcomes and lost his mind. Did Dr Strange get so frustrated with all those versions ending up with Thanos gardening that he just gave up and gave him the stone? Why didn't Thanos dedicate himself to botany instead of being a warlord? I bet that by 14,000,606 it was the first time that it didn't end up with Thanos ending up in his cucumber and tomato paradise. So Ironman died because of some vegetables. That one version that Dr Strange wanted. Now let's talk about a geriatric Captain America (how did the writers come up this). Captain America goes back in time to be with the love of his life... How charming! Except that it isn't. He is a superhero with powers and knowledge of the future and the cold war and other really important stuff. Is he going to sit back while Hydra takes over SHIELD and destroys the very America he loves so much? What about Bucky who is being used as the Winter Soldier? I don't know about you but the Cap I know wouldn't just stand by and do nothing for 70 years. Hundreds of millions of dollars spent and twenty plus movies made just so Captain America could end up in a retirement home? No! Just no..."
"258","np89301","12 May 2019","
            10/10
            "," He peed on your rug!!!
","Thor's take on ""the dude"" was the best part of the movie.Too long and sentimentalMost of the focus is on the original avengers which is good but many of the storylines were just not very excitingI would wait to see this on video"
"259","billsalichos","25 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," PLEASE give us the Secret Wars...with all the marvel heroes
","I did not expect to see in my life such a faithful rendition of my childhood heroes from the comics to the big screen ... the emotions was huge ... the only reason I kept and did not cry in the cinema was because I was shy not to see me ... . From Athens Greece Thank you STAN LEE for filling my childhood with those fantastic stories and heroes ,also Russo and marvel because you have respected our comic heroes on the big screen ... my only sadness is that we could not see avengers together with XMEN- fantastic four -Daredevil in the same movie, but you can not have it all at life"
"260","romanabdullaiev","9 January 2020","
            7/10
            "," Masterpiece
","Some people said there's so few fights scenes and it's boring. But if you watch MCU whole, you know what is this all aboutMovie is just iconic. I remember how strong my heart was beating in the final battle. Everyone who worked on this movie did best they can. I gave only 4-5 movies 10 stars , and Endgame absolutely deserves it."
"261","nicksokhal","26 April 2019","
            9/10
            "," Incredible
","No words...absolutely incredible, THE best way to end the whole series. Watching all the movies to finish with this, every single hour was worth it, hats off to Marvel ðŸ‘ðŸ½"
"262","Silver5963","3 March 2023","
            6/10
            "," Perfectly Concluded, As All Sagas Should Be
","Avengers: Endgame marks the end of the Infinity Saga, and is the perfect conclusion! This movie takes place directly after the events of Infinity War, at which point the remaining heroes fly to Thanos's retirement home and End his Game. But Thanos had used the Infinity Stones again to destroy the Stones! Five years later, the heroes have come to accept that half of the world's population has been wiped out, when Ant-Man suddenly re-emerges from the Quantum Realm with a cure to the Blip: Time Travel! Iron Man reunites the remaining heroes: Captain America, Black Widow, Hawkeye, Professor Hulk (who managed to become a combo of Hulk and Banner), Bro Thor (who got fat and suffers from Post-Thanos Stress Disorder), Rocket and Nebula, War Machine, and Ant-Man to go through time to grab the Stones and bring the dusted back to life, revisiting multiple movies from the past and bring the MCU timeline together in a satisfying way. Things go wrong when Thanos of 2014 intercepts 2023 Nebula and finds his way into 2023 to try one more time to get the Stones, with plans to destroy the entire universe and rebuild it in his image. Cue the most awesome final battle in cinema history with EVERY hero (even Howard the Duck is there!) This movie may be three hours long but it doesn't feel like it at all! It's split really nicely into three acts: the aftermath of the Snap, the Time Heist, and the Finale against Thanos. This movie balances comedy, action, emotional story, and visual effects so nicely, along with another great Alan Silvestri soundtrack (the music at the funeral was too much for everyone's emotions, let's be honest!)While this movie may have a few plot holes that come naturally when you do time travel movies (looking at you, old man Cap), the movie is highly enjoyable and easily equals Infinity War as a 10/10 movie. If only Marvel could make movies like this again. Roll on, Secret Wars!"
"263","craigrobinsn","28 April 2019","
            1/10
            "," This is the End game!
","The end of an era! The hard core fans will absolutely love endgame as it's really does round of the series with awesome cameos from various films. If you've been attached to the MCU through out and watched all the others, you'll love this. (Visiting Guardians 1 or Avengers Assemble) However if you're a casual fan you may not get as excited when Captain America says ""Avengers assemble"". A line we've all been waiting for since the beginning, or appreciating Captain America welding the Mjolnir since the teaser from Age of Ultron.However it's not as fast paced as infinity war and more predictable than infinity war. We knew someone would die at Volmir for example and very likely Stark would be a sacrifice due to strange handing over the time stone. The film started off slow, however had an awesome finish!Overall film is 8/10 from me! I think the film was amazing, but perhaps needed to be little more faced paced like infinity war and less character development (we've had 22 movies) well worth watching!"
"264","fernandoschiavi","29 March 2020","
            8/10
            "," ""Endgame"" not only delivers a cathartic experience greater than Infinite Warfare, but it also establishes definitive positions regarding the MCU's destinies
","Finally, the long-awaited conclusion of a saga that was weaved ingeniously and meticulously for a decade by the House of Ideas, under the command of Kevin Feige. If before the studios practically did not bet on superhero films, ten years ago this reality changed completely when we saw ""Iron Man (2008)"" debut in theaters around the world, beginning a wide, complex and detailed shared universe, which gave life to characters that fans so longed to see transported to the cinema and becoming acquainted with others not so popular even among comic book fans. There were three phases that became known as the ""Infinity Saga"", in which we became intimate with Iron Homme, Captain America, Hulk, Black Widow, Hawkeye, Thor, Ant-Man, Spider-Man, Captain Marvel, Black Panther, Guardians of the Galaxy and Doctor Strange.Filmed simultaneously with ""Infinite War"", the Russo brothers and screenwriters Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely continue to tell the story of the previous film. Here, superheroes must deal with the events of the previous film, in which half of the people in the galaxy were wiped out at Thanos' snap, including friends and family of our heroes. Those who are left are still, for more than three weeks, trying to locate Thanos who entered a portal and disappeared, while trying to find a solution to reverse what had happened.The first fifteen minutes invest in revenge and the consummation of failure: an introduction. The next sequences, which make up a first, more melancholic, yet vigorous act in re-presenting characters and renewing the previous status quo, have an emphasis on the intimate, precisely what drives Ultimato as an experience: a great show on a colossal scale, but that cares about a dance, a feeling, a heart, a family.""Ultimatum"" gets it right by dedicating more than half its duration to intensify the hopelessness, mourning and disbelief that the characters and the audience were going through together. In that time, he takes the opportunity to strengthen ties between unlikely characters, such as Toby Stark and Nebula, and also to show how old friends, such as Natasha, Rogers and Barton, Tony and Thor and Bruce, led their lives five years after the events of the beginning of the movie. The characters have their own layers, monsters and voids, to add to the project itself, which is a mooring of several narrative arches, the sustenance of a three-hour cathartic work. Especially interesting is Tony's bow, living alongside his great love and his little daughter, being the counterpoint to Barton, who had his life transformed after the loss of his family, becoming a vengeful murderer who eliminates those he does not consider worthy. Meanwhile, Carol Danvers went on to help other planets that also suffered from Thanos' actions.After the presentation of the current situation of each of the heroes, it is when Scott Lang enters the story, who managed to return from the quantum kingdom, after the post-credits scenes that we had followed in ""Ant Man and the Wasp"". He then explains that the laws of physics and space-time do not apply to the quantum realm, theorizing that they could travel through time through the Pym Particles and the portal. From there, after seeing an old photo of him with Peter Parker, Tony ends the time travel equation and the Avengers, with the exception of Danvers, split into groups to return to the past and retrieve the Infinity Stones and that's when Marvel takes audiences on an unforgettable journey celebrating 11 years of their shared universe, revisiting films like ""The Avengers"", ""Captain America 2: The Winter Soldier"", ""Guardians of the Galaxy"" and even the controversial ""Thor: The Dark World"" .Banner, Rogers, Lang and Stark return to 2012, during Loki's invasion of New York, to retrieve the Tesseract, Loki's scepter and the Eye of Agamotto. They also end up going to 1970 at the S.H.I.E.L.D. in Lehigh to get another version of the Tesseract, which was being tested by the military and to get more particles from Hank Pym, who had just invented them. Meanwhile, Thor and Rocket return to Asgard in 2013 to extract Jane Foster's Reality Gem. Clint and Natasha return to Vormir in 2014 to retrieve the Soul Gem, while Rhodes and Nebula go to Morag, also in 2014, where Peter Quill is about to steal the Gem of Power. This whole time travel will culminate in the great final battle, after Thanos discovering the heroes' plan, where the destiny of the universe will be at stake again.The cast reaches the height of their characters' understanding, completing a whole development arc. In addition to the main cast, which is already extremely numerous, there are still several cameos from great actors and actresses who showed up in previous productions. Robert Redford, Michelle Pfeiffer, Michael Douglas, Tilda Swinton, Natalie Portman, William Hurt, are just a few of those names, and some of them literally go silent and leave quietly.With a million dollar budget of US $ 356 million, the film justifies the use of every penny and obviously will not have any difficulty in recovering and sometimes exceeding the high amount invested. They are effects used for the rejuvenation of characters, the construction of scenarios from different eras and worlds, dozens of intergalactic beings from the most different backgrounds and visual effects of a scale and perfection rarely seen. Not for nothing, ""Ultimatum"" was nominated for an Oscar in the category. Few times have we seen so many characters gathered together, with several actions taking place simultaneously, and everything wonderfully orchestrated by the precise direction of the Russo brothers, who manage to maintain a perfect unity and synchrony. The final battle against Thanos that takes up almost the entire last hour of the three that lasts the film, will be remembered as one of the biggest and most spectacular in the history of cinema. There, we can see the full potential of all the heroes presented by the MCU in these years should be a delight for fans of the universe. Not to mention the emotional and beautifully post-battle scenes that tie up all the last loose ends of the Infinity Saga. The audience is in tears. And it is not a daydream or exaggeration.The soundtrack by Alan Silvestri, responsible for the famous Avengers theme, composed for the 2012 film, is once again perfect, elevating drama, melancholy and epic action to the tenth power. In the musical part, ""Dear Mr. Fantasy"", by Traffic, ""Supersonic Rocket Ship"", by The Kinks, ""Doom and Gloom"" by the Rolling Stones and ""Hey Lawdy Mama"", by Steppenwolf are some of the songs that are present. The production designer of the always competent Charles Wood and photography by Trent Opaloch, who uses and abuses the darkest filters that give the greatest degree of drama and pessimism that guide much of the feature film are used with mastery.Throughout the film, the Russo brothers think millimetrically about each scene, sometimes to make the audience cry, sometimes to laugh and sometimes to cheer for the heroes in their battles. As well as the conclusion of the saga ""Harry Potter"", ""Star Wars"" and ""Lord of the Rings"", the great megalomaniac of ""Ultimatum"" will remain in the minds of the moviegoers as one of those epic films that practically everyone has watched. And the end, still holds great surprises, some that envision a future of the Universe, such as those involving Thor and The Guardians of the Galaxy and the passing of Captain America's baton.""Ultimatum"" works above all expectations: it not only delivers a cathartic experience greater than Infinite Warfare, but it also establishes definitive positions regarding the MCU's destinies. The film proves to have been planned in detail by the studio's creative minds, who know more than anyone else, how to please their audience. Although ""Ultimatum"" seems to be the end of the Infinity Saga, phase 3 will officially end with ""Spider-Man: Far From Home"", which should still have consequences for this film in the life of Peter Parker, especially with the death of someone very close and dear to the hero."
"265","Screen_O_Genic","29 January 2022","
            10/10
            "," The End
","The finale of the lengthy series featuring a constellation of Marvel's luminaries, ""Avengers: Endgame"" is a watchable superhero flick that merges real life interactions and explosive fantasy. Featuring A-List stars Robert Downey Jr., Chris Hemsworth, Chris Evans, Mark Ruffalo and Scarlett Johansson as Iron Man, Thor, Captain America, The Hulk and Black Widow respectively the film finds our heroes in the eternal tale of the battle between good and evil and some stones. Decent acting with simple but adequate special effects help carry the view. The biggest snag of the whole enterprise is its length. Clocking in at three hours the span strains an already shaky script and the mature viewer's patience. Perhaps I've long outgrown Fantasy movies and seeing full grown men and women in skimpy outfits playing cartoon characters challenged belief and the overall silliness of it can't be shaken off. Maybe it's not just me; the bored, going through the motions look of the actors especially at the start of the film seems to mirror this. The thought of having to wear those tight stretchy outfits for the umpteenth time and having to memorize and utter those prepubescent lines were too much despite the hefty paycheck. A massive hit despite all of that, I still remember the loooooong lines in the cinemas to watch this and I guess the masses are basically dorks who'll embrace fantasies on the big screen to forget themselves and their lives. This is one to burn time with the kiddos and make you appreciate your soda and popcorn more."
"266","english-arrow","27 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," A roller-coaster
","To witness the end of this legendary franchise is bittersweet. This movie makes one cry, laugh, smile, think, cheer, worry, and imagine. It is perfection. Everything from acting, directing, sound effects, and storytelling is flawless. I watched it twice already and I am eager to watch it again."
"267","stefanvass","26 April 2019","
            9/10
            "," Everyone just calm down...
","...and pull the hype train over.
Amazing fun, stunning spectacle great performances especially RDJ.
It's just not the whole sum of its parts.
Lots of great parts but not cohesively held.
Too much Comedy with one character essentially now just full comedy relief.
The most ridiculous coincidences and a couple of plot holes.
You will laugh, you will get gut punched and for some you will cry, but then you will wonder what really happened in that 3 hours.
Did it need 3 hours? No.
Is it better than infinity war? No.
Will you enjoy it? Definitely."
"268","dussaultjulien","30 July 2019","
            10/10
            "," Why?
","I hate how people are saying that this movie is epic, and that all the movies that preceded it were epic as well. There have only been a handful of Marvel movies that have actually been good, and this is not one of them.Marvel, like The Simpsons, has run out of ideas and is now running off of a therom. If it has the word marvel in it, then it will sell. The story does not matter only the name, and it's finally starting to show, as it has for The Simpsons for years now. And the announcement of new movies is now no longer exciting for me.Marvel honestly needs to take a step back and take their time in producing movies, as well as shows now too, like some of their most fantastic movies and shows, like the original Iron Man, Guardians of the Galaxy, Ant-Man, and even the Netflix Daredevil, which was surprisingly good and did a great job portraying the character. What the executives at Marvel don't seem to understand is that they in fact are not Epic, they're just putting trash out and unfortunately the masses are gobbling it up. Things become like goats, they'll eat anything that you put in front of them.End game is one of the most unimpressive movies I've seen in a very long time. I cannot believe that I wasted almost four hours of my life watching this horrible, sad excuse for a superhero movie, if you could even call it that. The only great thing about the past few Marvel movies is the memes that have come out of it. The Russo Brothers Legacy will be the memes that were made from their movies, not the story itself nor the movies. Just because you have the lucasfilm lighting, as well as the CGI company behind you does not make you amazing. What makes anything amazing, story-wise is a good story. End game doesn't even have that! They paid Robert Downey jr. 75 million dollars for the only good scene in the entire film, and it only lasts a couple of seconds. What a waste of money.For the love of God stop going to see Marvel movies and teach them a lesson to stop making horrible movies they aren't even superhero movies anymore. Stan Lee is gone, even when he was alive he didn't stop these terrible movies from being made, because he believed in Marvel and that it could change the world. In the beginning it did, with the Tobey Maguire Spider-Man's, Iron Man, and all of these amazing Marvel films that were actually well done and good. Stan Lee near the end, just produced these films because that's all that he knew to do. He inherently trusted these people to make great movies, and honestly they failed him and failed the original image of Marvel. Only the comics have stayed true, and even then they've come to PC for my liking, and it's so sad. Marvel won't be getting any more of my money. Hopefully you won't be giving any of yours to them anymore either. I am tired"
"269","wongyu-an","25 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," Back to the Avenger's 11 Infinity.Stone heist
","Praise the movie all they want this is a messy mesh mash of multiple time travel movies with superheroes .
Time travel is really messy.
The movie is not following the rules made forth by the movies before this. I.e If Captain Marvel power comes from the Tesseract and Thanos destroyed it or disable it then CM powers should be in logic cut off until reformed or enabled."
"270","nikhilvyas07","10 May 2019","
            7/10
            "," Flawed but amazing conclusion to the Infinity storyline
","Brilliant flow; they had a lot to cover and they managed to utilize the entire 3 hours without it feeling stretched out.Littered with throwbacks and references to the previous movies. It was delightful to revisit some of my favorite scenes, specifically the Guardians of the Galaxy opening (I may be biased because I love the song).Had some really amazing moments. Scott's return to the present and all his interactions. I've always felt Ant-Man doesn't get enough love, and in this one he literally saves the universe (thanks to the rat who turns on the quantum tunnel). Was nice to see Korg and meek return. Professor Hulk as well - now we know why Heimdall saved him first in Infinity War.Time heists - I got goosebumps seeing the familiar sequences from a new perspective. Kind of like behind the scenes. Watching Quill sing Come and get your Love, Jarvis, Howard, aftermath of NY battle, ancient one, events from the dark world. Really amazing.And ofcourse, undoing the snap and the memorable Avengers, Assemble scene were executed perfectly.However, didn't really like two aspects:1) Plot holes. In Infinity War, Thanos with the fully loaded infinity gauntlet couldn't stop Thor's stormbreaker. But the Thanos without the gauntlet, equipped with just a blade manages to overpower not just Thor (with two weapons) AND Cap + Iron Man. Please.2) The cringey ""woman power"" scene in the final battle where all the female heroes come together. Seemed really forced and just ruined the immersion. Can we just stop bringing up gender just for the sake of it?"
"271","generationofswine","29 April 2019","
            9/10
            "," An Honest Review
","Walking in, given Marvel's latest publicity, I was expecting, well, I was expecting an absolute cringe fest, and thankfully I didn't get it. In fact, there were only a couple of absolute cringe moments and each dealt with Brie Larson, particularly her appearance in the final fight.Thankfully though, Marvel showed a lot of restraint with that and as a result the movie really belonged to the characters that we all have invested over a decade of love and loyalty in....and honestly that was a relief. There were times where the film looked like it wanted to go the other way, and put the OG Avengers in the backseat. So, credit for not doing that.It feels a lot more like Kill Bill 2 in atmosphere than a real Super-Hero movie, all the really fun big fights were reserved for the first film and what's left is a long closing act that is more concerned with tying up loose ends than delivering on over-the-top action. And it works for a send off film after a decade of investment.So what you have feels very much like an intimate and sentimental film made by old friends at send off...or a funeral...but in either case it is absolutely appropriate.Unfortunately, you have the enormously epic CGI battle at the end and I, for one, am kind of done with that trope. It's starting to bore me now, and, honestly, I would prefer something a little more authentic. But, that being said, the film at least called for it.We've seen battles like that before, Black Panther, Aquaman, Infinity War, Lord of the Rings, and, honestly those CGI armies lack any real intimacy. So the end is kind of a bore compared to the rest of the film.The highlight in the film would be Thor with Hulk coming in as a close second. They steal the show from the moment they are introduced and the trademark MCU humor that Black Panther and Captain Marvel utterly lacked. And the humor was a source of comfort after two films that made vague threats of taking themselves far too seriously for a superhero flick.The wrap-up was more than satisfying if not heart-wrenching at moments making it a great send off for a decade of time and money invested in the characters, however the legacy that the MCU is passing on seems in trouble nonetheless and we can only hope that it doesn't go the route that the MCU has been teasing and toying with and continues to deliver fun superhero movies and not the heavy-handed or deadly serious films they have threatened the audience with."
"272","andiemartinez23","27 November 2019","
            7/10
            "," I have to admit, I got so emotional all throughout the movie
","And some parts brought me to tears. The cast was phenomenal and I think every superhero got to have their spotlight."
"273","shawneofthedead","24 April 2019","
            3/10
            "," Endgame sets the bar as high as it can possibly go for superhero epics. Brilliant, and worth every minute you've invested in the MCU since 2008.
","THE LOW-DOWN: Statistically, the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) has achieved a great deal: over 11 years and 21 films, it has introduced dozens of relatively obscure characters into mainstream pop culture. More importantly, however, the franchise has proven that long-form storytelling can work in a cinematic context - as long as you balance plot with heart and humour, prizing character development over spectacle. That's no small feat, and it's even more remarkable that a movie with the gargantuan scale and ambition of Avengers: Endgame doesn't fall apart beneath the weight of an unwieldy script or great expectations. In fact, this is the MCU's crowning achievement: a heartfelt love letter to the Avengers, their stories, the actors who play them, and to the fans.THE STORY: That damn Snap, eh? At the end of Avengers: Infinity War, Thanos wiped out half of the galaxy's population with a snap of his Infinity-Stone-enhanced fingers. After bearing witness to teammates and loved ones vanishing in swirls of dust and ash, the remaining Avengers struggle to live with the crippling grief and guilt of surviving the Snap... and of failing to prevent it. Some characters spiral into darkness; others are frozen in place - a few even manage to move on. But hope is rekindled when Scott Lang (Paul Rudd) returns from the mysterious Quantum Realm, where the usual laws of physics, space and time do not apply...THE GREAT: Endgame is a storytelling triumph - not only does it bring together and pay off plots and ideas that were seeded over a decade ago, it builds solid, powerful, heartrendingly emotional narrative arcs for almost all of the original Avengers. Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.) and Steve Rogers (Chris Evans) must grapple with their pasts to figure out their futures, while Natasha Romanoff (Scarlett Johansson) and Clint Barton (Jeremy Renner) find themselves literally fighting to save their families. Thor (Chris Hemsworth) and Bruce Banner (Mark Ruffalo) might provide much of the film's comic relief, but both characters are also gifted with grace notes, growth and moments of true peace.THE SUPER-GREAT: The ability to juggle and create space for multiple perspectives and storylines in one film has been honed to a fine art by directors Anthony and Joe Russo and screenwriters Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely. But their narrative strategy feels virtuosic in Endgame, paired as it is with an ingenious plot device that allows the film to truly acknowledge the staggering depth and breadth of its own history. Suddenly, the emotional and narrative stakes are raised, as beloved characters are forced to re-examine their lives, stories and priorities. You might find yourself in tears and in stitches, frequently in the same scene, and this happens throughout the film - a testament to the Russo Brothers' genius and their skills at anchoring even the most outlandish of storylines in humour and humanity.THE NOT-SO-GREAT: This is emphatically not a film for casual viewers - there is no entry point, no easing in, no exposition, to help you understand what the heck is going on if you haven't watched most of the preceding films in the MCU. There are also a few logical fallacies and plotholes scattered throughout Endgame that will puzzle you the more you think about them - from the wobbly rules governing time travel to the fractured way in which the too-conveniently hyper-powered Carol Danvers (Brie Larson) pops in and out of the story.STAN SERVICE: This film, above all others in the MCU, feels like a heartfelt tribute to the very concept of Marvel itself, finding numerous ways to reward and delight true-blue fans. Naturally, it includes Stan Lee's final appearance in the MCU, while folding in a host of other cameos and callbacks that reinforce the interconnectedness of the entire franchise - of all the stories that have been told before, especially the movie that started it all (Iron Man in 2008). There are even a couple of brilliant nods to comics lore, largely centred around the character of Captain America, that feel like the Russo Brothers are deliberately righting a few wrongs where some of Marvel Comics' more controversial plot twists are concerned. (See: Nick Spencer's run on Captain America: Steve Rogers.)CAST-IRON MVP: Casting outside of the box has always been one of the MCU's core strengths, with Oscar winners/nominees and character actors regularly popping up to play heroes and villains alike. That canny casting strategy pays off in spades in Endgame - especially when certain characters have relatively limited screen time but manage to make it count anyway. The undisputed stars of the movie, however, are the Avengers who started it all. Hemsworth continues to brilliantly dance along the knife-edge between comedy and pathos, while Ruffalo radiates charm and intelligence through ever-improving CGI as Banner and his not-so-mean, green alter ego: The Hulk. Johansson and Renner are given more to do in this film than ever before, and their combined efforts will shred your soul to pieces. Evans brings great warmth and strength to his stoic role, making it perfectly legitimate for you to weep and whoop for a man who's - somewhat ridiculously - wrapped in an American flag. Above all, this double-whammy of Avengers films belongs, most fittingly, to Downey Jr. He still effortlessly injects Tony with snark and swagger, but also beautifully conveys every shade and layer of his character's hard-won growth and maturity - giving us all the proof that we have never needed that Tony Stark has a heart.RECOMMENDED? In every imaginable way. Endgame sets the bar as high as it can possibly go for superhero epics that balance enormous scale and jaw-dropping ambition with actual substance and genuine emotion. It's the blockbuster movie event of our lifetimes, for very good reason - and it's worth every minute you've invested in the MCU since 2008."
"274","Boris-Sh","9 August 2019","
            10/10
            "," Wow!
","A wonderful and amazing movie for all the fans.
So much emotions, so many nostalgic moments, and action, humor, drama! We get to see all the superheroes and some more loveable characters.
I feel sorry for those who try to find scientific logic in a movie about superheros. You really need to focus on what's important.
Just enjoy!"
"275","farhanazhari05","12 June 2020","
            9/10
            "," The Best Superhero Movie Of The World
","â¤ The End Is Near, Some People Move On To The Madness, We Are Endgame Now, Whatever It Takes, I'm Am Iron Man, I Love You 3000 â¤"
"276","jke_up","9 May 2019","
            10/10
            "," A decent end of an era.
","Infinity war was overall a better movie, but this movie had the disadvantage of being the follow up to that movie. A good chunk of this movie is essentially remembering what happened during infinity war. The struggle against Thanos in this movie... It just isnt done in a satisfying way.Before Infinity war came out last year, it was already confirmed there would be another Avengers follow up this year. It was speculated that Endgame was actually going to be called ""Infinity war part 2"". Unfortunately, this is Endgame, but it SHOULD have been Infinity war part 2. I know that is very vague, Im trying to be vague, but essentially because of what happened in Infinity War, it was pretty much impossible to make a sequel which feels like it even is the same story with the same consistency & epic feel. Or at least, that is not what we got.Captain Marvel kinda sucks in this movie. She is a boring character with magic powers. Ughhh great. In hindsight, the tease in Infinity war was cool, but it makes it into a big letdown. And this is kind of the story of the whole movie, if Infinity War was the teaser. (Although it isnt quite that bad, this movie is still pretty good, unlike Captain Marvel in it.)"
"277","kenzibit","3 August 2019","
            9/10
            "," Wow!! Speechless
","Wow, just Wow! This movie has it all and needs to be watched PERIOD!!"
"278","swordlady72","26 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," Entertaining, but not nearly as good as Infinity War
","******SPOILER ALERT******I have been eagerly waiting for this movie since the end of IW a year ago. For the most part, I was suitably entertained; however, I could not ignore the glaring plotholes throughout the movie - especially because time-traveling was involved. These are my biggest quibbles, and I will likely have more when I see it again this Sunday:1) The mass ""vanishing"" was completely glossed over. You would think that half of Earth's population suddenly disappearing would cause massive chaos, especially considering that heads of states and other government officials were probably snapped out of existence as well. Other than the memorials of the vanished and mounds of garbage in one neighborhood (nobody bothered to clean it up in five years?), you really don't get a complete sense of the state of world post-snap.2) Remember ""The Butterfly Affect""? One thing changes everything? How did the theft of the Infinity Stones during multiple time periods NOT completely screw up the current timeline (which was likely set around the year 2021 or 2022)? Not only that, Loki escaped with the Tesseract in 2012. Thor stole Mjolnir from his 2013 counterpart in Asgard. Those two events should have also led to major reprecussions to the current timeline, but nope.3) Bruce snapping everyone BACK into existence was also glossed over. Other than the vanished heroes making a dramatic appearance in the final battle, none of the implications of the sudden reappearance of billions of people were addressed. For example, what happened to the ""vanished"" people who happened to be flying in an airplane at the time of their disappearance? Did they reappear in the air - only to plummet thousands of feet to their deaths?4) Steve Rogers staying in the past to marry his old flame should have changed EVERYTHING. I'll leave it at that.5) How is current day Nebula still alive after killing her 2014 counterpart? And is 2014 Gamora now stuck in the current timeline?6) How was 2014 Nebula able to get Thanos' ship and his ENTIRE ARMY through the Quantum Realm?7) And where did Valkyrie get her winged horse?!Other quibbles: The movie was WAY too long and completely dragged for about a good hour or so. Captain Marvel was primarily used as a deus ex machina. Space is BIG - how the heck did she find Tony Stark and Nebula drifting through space? She went missing for a good couple hours (although she stayed around long enough for Rocket to make a wisecrack about her hair), and showed up in the big battle at the last second to blow stuff up and throw a couple good punches at Thanos. Speaking of Thanos, should he have been much weaker without the Infinity Stones? Somehow, he was able to go toe-to-toe with both Thor and Captain Marvel; both who should have been able to mop the floor with him by themselves.Overall, it is a good comic book movie, but definitely not the best MCU movie. That honor still belongs to Infinity War, with Thor: Ragnorak being a close second."
"279","divg-57-800054","4 August 2019","
            8/10
            "," Killed all the other movies, big deception.
","1- Time machine = insane amount of plot holes
2- Unrealistic overpowered Thanos without the gems... illogical AF.
3- Characters decisions specially in Thanos combat were dump and had no logic.
4- Weak plot, it seems like the avenguers didn't learn anything from the past movies.
5- Too much forced drama and fillers.
For me itÂ´s a 5 star movie, but i gave 1 due the immense amount of 10Â´s."
"280","Random789","13 May 2019","
            7/10
            "," Not worth the hype
","Just a basic superhero movie. 3 hours but not much going on."
"281","DLochner","23 March 2020","
            8/10
            "," An experiment that last forever
","Part four of this gigantic Avengers saga cannot really be evaluated alone. It is directly related to part three. You can put them together like two pieces of a puzzle. In my opinion, both together are much better than parts 1 and 2.I'm excited. From the end of Part 3 at the latest, I was completely in the Avengers Universe. The action, the drama. Everything at a very high level, despite the many characters and superheroes. But the special thing about the Avengers is that directors Anthony Russo and Joe Russo are not afraid to break taboos. In part four it is tough and it rarely gets cheesy or boring. Despite the very long three-hour runtime. In addition to all the superhero films, some of which dissolve into insignificance, Avengers looks like a little masterpiece."
"282","dcobbimdb","26 April 2019","
            6/10
            "," It doesn't get any better than this
","To say this movie was awesome is an understatement. I'm still processing everything but OMG was it truly a masterpiece. I'm struggling to think if I've ever given a 10 before, but if I have it's only ever been one or two in my life.
This certainly was a 10... However you definitely need to see ALL the movies from 2008's Iron Man through Infinity war. And I do mean ALL of them for this movie to truly shine or even to make sense. Even given the 3 hour running time this movie makes no attempts to fill you in, and nor should it. You need to be well prepared going into thisThat said I saw the opening night fan event showing, and got a commemorative coin that is actually metal, heavy, and super cool! But it was shown in a regular theater with mediocre sound, so I also have tickets for a showing on Friday as well in a Dolby theater room, which I can't wait to see. Now I loved Avengers Infinity War, but I laughed, cheered and got way more emotional in this movie than that one. I've been in theaters where the crowd cheered or laughed before, but I don't think I've ever seen it let alone experienced it to this degree. The emotions were just flowing to say the least.I really liked how the first act brought you into the aftermath of this post-snap world, and really focused on the hardship of what things would have been like after such an event. And while this was all very sad the one thing I was shocked about was that they successfully pulled off so much humor. Humor in a marvel movie is no surprise, but given how Infinity War ended I really thought this was going to be a dark and dreary movie, and yet it gave me some of the best laughs while still taking itself serious. It's quite a magic act to pull offThe second act really sets the game plan in motion for how they plan to ""fix"" things and while suspenseful and intriguing it still kept up great and appropriate humor. Obviously humor is a subjective thing and some might bash it. I tend not to like potty humor style but more organic or situational humor, which I thought they just nailed. But at the same time there were some heartache moments that just brought you on the edge of your seat, or made you wipe your eyes. Towards the middle of the movie I was just glued to my seatAnd then there's the third act. OMG... As you would expect it sets up a mega finish as they really are wrapping up the culmination of 11 years and 20+ films worth of story lines and this is what it's all about. The action was great, effects second to none, a bit chaotic at times but that just adds to the intensity. There were moments I just yelled and cheered like I never have at a movie before. I watched it with my daughter who I've taken to or seen every one of the marvel movies with and we were clenching each other through the last 15-20 minutes as it was just so intense, amazing and emotional.Coming out of the movie we were both just stunned and in awe, just trying to process the emotions of what we just saw. To bring out so much emotion in us, and from what we saw so many others is just unbelievable. That in itself just tells you how extraordinary this movie was and is a true credit to everyone involved in making this film. All I can say is don't read any spoilers as there are sure to be some now that it's out. Get some tickets, go and see it for yourself, you will not regret it, but again if you've missed any of the movies in between Iron Man and Infinity war, get caught up first."
"283","lars-417-110658","24 April 2019","
            2/10
            "," Simply great
","Just watched the new Avengers-movie. It's simply fantastic and a must-watch for every Marvel-Fan. It contains everything I expected and wished for an so much more. It's hard to put in words without a spoiler. Find out by yourself and enjoy."
"284","Cirene404","30 May 2019","
            10/10
            "," Avengers: Endgame (Short Movie Review)
","Positives:
Directing, script and cinematographyMain castAction scenesMost of the humorScopeIt was a perfect conclusion for 22 movies in 11 yearsNegatives:
Not much"
"285","arypatel-83300","24 April 2019","
            10/10
            "," So good
","The best marvel movie ever, I cannot put into words how amazing this movie was, too good!"
"286","hollybeat69","31 July 2019","
            9/10
            "," What were you watching?
","To all the people who rated this 1 or 2 stars...WHAT MOVIE did you watch? Just to hear Cap say ""Avengers Assemble"" alone makes this epic...remember the question Mr. Hand asked his class when so many failed the test? This is a great film, action, humor, emotion...all on display..."
"287","MooWoolf1","4 May 2019","
            8/10
            "," madly overrated
","Come on people.
Why is every Marvel movie so overrated?
I rate them as what they deserve. Infinity War was pretty much the only outstanding movie in the franchise. They did something what noone dared before. That was a very good movie.This one? 7 at best. How on Earth can anyone just a little bit of brain rate this higher over movies Inception, Matrix, Goodfellas, etc almost the whole top250 movies. Are you mad? For real..This one was full of nonsense. They basicly setup something that shows and tells you who's how strong. When they show in the end of Infinity War that Thor now can beat Thanos easily, then how comes that he still has all the power but Thanos now can rip him apart without a single stone.Glad it is finally ended. Sick of seeing every trash being in the top250 because of little fan boys that haven't even seen sh**."
"288","sufyaanrashid95","25 April 2023","
            10/10
            "," Amazing
","Avengers: Endgame is an action-packed and heartwarming conclusion to the Marvel Cinematic Universe's Infinity Saga. The movie is a rollercoaster ride of emotions that will keep audiences at the edge of their seats from start to finish.The film features an all-star cast, including Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, Scarlett Johansson, and more, who all deliver powerful performances that will leave viewers on the brink of tears. The action sequences are some of the best in the MCU, with breathtaking special effects and epic battles that will leave audiences cheering.Despite the film's intense action, it also manages to be heartwarming and filled with moments of humor and camaraderie between the characters. Watching the Avengers come together to fight for what they believe in is truly inspiring, and the film's message of hope and unity is one that resonates deeply with audiences.However, be warned, the film's ending is a sad one that will leave many viewers feeling emotional. While it may not be the ending that fans were hoping for, it is a fitting conclusion to the Infinity Saga and a testament to the incredible storytelling that has made the MCU so beloved.Overall, Avengers: Endgame is a must-see for any fan of the MCU or superhero movies in general. It's an epic conclusion to an incredible journey that will leave viewers feeling satisfied, but also a little bit sad that it's all over."
"289","gabriel78","3 May 2019","
            10/10
            "," Eh...
","Not what it was pumped up to be. Captain Marvel, useless. Thor, broken. Stark, hitting well above his weight. Captain America annoying as ever. Ant-Man, completely left out of the loop. Hulk, not incredible at all."
"290","cgbarr-73033","2 March 2021","
            6/10
            "," Terrible, sloppy, and disgraceful
","It's a bad movie. I can't believe they screwed up the most important movie in the franchise. The writing was bad, the basic laws of time that they tried to follow were contradicted, and overall, it was just a terrible plot. I wish John Favreau directed the more significant Marvel movies..."
"291","Atifarta","30 April 2019","
            9/10
            "," Overrated.
","Well overrated. I expected better, the previous one was better."
"292","yankeedoo","2 May 2019","
            7/10
            "," Not as good as last one
","I don't think was grt it was ok but won't watch again shame too"
"293","waqassaleem-85201","28 May 2020","
            1/10
            "," A great watch
","A great sum up to all of the 23 movies. It has everything that anyone would want to watch. The 3 hour runtime is totally worth it."
"294","scottkursch","26 April 2019","
            7/10
            "," More Clarification
","As of now, after about 100K reviews the average user rating for Avengers: Endgame sits at 9.2. Infinity War, after about 620K, has an 8.5. I like where this assessment stands and hope it doesn't change much, as more user ratings flood in.I point this out for all the negative reviews citing how Infinity War was far superior to Endgame and that Endgame was such garbage and flawed. This is without a doubt a case of the criticisms saying much more about the critic than what they are saying about the film. Perhaps their own disposition and attitudes prevent them from a positive perception. They are certainly entitled to their pretentiousness and to feel cheated, but their petulance is their OWN responsibility. Much to the chagrin of this minority, the majority has not only embraced what Endgame is, but for the time being placed it above Infinity War.I say this because I tire of the arrogance and contempt in people that behave as though they could have written or produced a better result than what they paid to see. Many of those that love to review or critique, think it en vogue or trendy to be incredulous, negative, or never be satisfied.I'm happy to see that the majority of viewers were satisfied and more than content with Avengers: Endgame. IMO, complaining and rating the film sub par requires a great amount of cynicism and disenchantment. IMO, if you allow plot holes or whatever other discrepancies found in the film, to ruin it or leave you sour and disappointed, then you probably tend to create your own misery in life in life anyway.There's nothing wrong with having a personal opinion or particular disposition. I do however think it important to put disillusionment and negativity in its proper place, to achieve objective perspective. So again, according to imdb user review, Infinity War is at 8.5 and Endgame is at 9.2 and holding. I'll check back on the consensus in a few months after further reviews."
"295","xiaoli7377","15 April 2023","
            8/10
            "," Great Finale
","""Avengers: Endgame"" is probably the biggest cinematic event of the twenty-first century. It's hard to describe what it was like seeing this movie in the first few weeks when it came out, people were going nuts over this. When it came out, I personally didn't like it as much as ""Infinity War"", but upon rewatching, I actually like it better and I personally think it's one of the best Marvel films.First off, the story goes in a completely different direction than I had thought it was going to go. By the half hour mark, we're introduced to a really fun time travel plot. Then it concludes with an epic final battle. Personally, I thought that the ending was really nice and it was a good sendoff to the first generation of MCU heroes. In hindsight, knowing where the series has gone in the past few years since this movie, I kind of wish that it had just ended here and there weren't movies like ""Black Widow"" and ""Multiverse of Madness"" that changed a lot of these characters.Although I said that I liked the final battle, I will also say that it came off a little bit rushed. Like it's basically the exact same ending battle that we got in the previous movie.Definitely watch this, if you're one of the five people that hasn't already. Definitely one of the best superhero movies of all time, a huge entertainment spectacle with great special effects and a heroic triumph."
"296","sivadparks-89786","26 April 2019","
            7/10
            "," I'm convinced people who have poor reviews didn't understand the movie
","NO SPOILERS
First off, the timeline in this movie is flawless. The absolute best, most coherent and consistent time travel use in any movie. The complaints in these reviews completely misunderstood how it worked.Second, the other complaint is Thor. Was he weaker? Yeah. Was I disappointed? Yeah, but it follows the progression of his character. He lost his whole family, swore revenge, almost saved the day and missed it by a foot. His demise into self loathing makes perfect sense and allows other characters to shine in battles. Thor tends to be overpowered so this leveled the playing field.Third, the pacing is slow and ponderous. But it asks you to follow the characters and their emotions and reactions to the snap. The slow pace allows the characterization to shine and not be overblown by tedious fighting like some scenes in Infinity War.Overall, I don't get people's desire for overpowered characters with aimless action scenes. Endgame does a great job creating small moments for personality and giving everyone a chance to shine in battle."
"297","isaiahwilson15","24 July 2019","
            10/10
            "," 3,000/10
","Though it has been repeated time and time again, it is still quite insane to think about an end to 11 years and 22 movies. A cinematic universe that for quite a few of us, we have grown up with. A universe that despite all the bad that may have gone on in one's life or in the world, we could always look forward to one day out of the year where we could escape that and enjoy 2 hours of watching our childhood heroes kick butt on the silver screen. A cinematic universe, that I quite frankly thought was impossible to successfully conclude, until the Russo Brothers proved me wrong.
Any way you slice it, Avengers Endgame should go down as one of the toughest movies to write. Bringing a true and satisfying ending to 11 years of stories in a universe where the death is never truly accepted, the cast size seems never-ending, and an overabundance of story arcs could drive any writer insane should prove a near impossible task. Yet here we are as smart, conscious decisions are made throughout the movie. The reduced team size allows for a focus both character and story wise that makes it a movie easy to follow (for the most part) despite still being among the most ambitious Marvel movies. Surprise callbacks and fan-service moments act like a Greatest Hits album giving fans a true appreciation for the greatness of the Infinity Saga. Despite the temptation to just rely on these callbacks, where the film truly shines like any other Marvel movie is with its characters. Through the course of the 4,5, and 6 movies the Original Six Avengers have appeared in, several decisions have been made that not only affected each character but changed their overall perspectives. The Russo Brothers dedication to these characters is seen in the masterfully crafted scenes that continue or conclude the appropriate arcs. All while still producing shots, scenes, and moments that created the best cinematic experience I have ever had. To put it simply, for 3 hours I simply got to be a 10-year-old cheering, laughing, and crying with the heroes that I have grown up with, idolized, and loved for my whole life. For that I thank the entire Marvel family!"
"298","cooper-29","16 May 2020","
            10/10
            "," Good but not Great like Infinity War
","I loved Infinity War so was counting down the days until this opened. After that Amazing set up in the first film, I don't like some of the decisions the writers made for this movie and it suffers because of them.
Fat Thor and Professor Hulk don't work here and the time travel slows the pace down of the overall story. Also, Captain Marvel disappearing for the entire movie defeats the impact of her even being in the movie. I loved the end battle, the performances and death hits you in the gut. This is not a bad film , I just think it could have been great like Infinity War."
"299","pk1233","15 July 2019","
            10/10
            "," No, it's not 100% perfect, but I loved it!
","Endgame does have a few minor plot holes, but overall, it is an incredible culmination of the MCU. I was terribly afraid they were going to easily reset all of the damage done in Infinity War, but that was not the case here. This film revisited many of the past installments via the time traveling aspect. I thought this was going to be terrible but they honestly did it very well. The whole MCU is tied together quite well. We are also treated with some meaningful and sacrificial character deaths that will likely be permanent. The final battle is a true masterpiece and honestly made me tear up a little bit (I am not one to cry). When Cap lifts and wields Mjolnir, I wanted to stand up and cheer. Truly an incredible scene. We also finally get to see Thanos full combat ability without the boost of the Infinity Gauntlet which is a nice treat.
Now, there are a couple issues here. First of all, Captain Marvel is off doing who knows what while the rest of the Avengers are fighting for the survival of the universe. What could she possibly be doing that is more important? She finally shows up at the end out of nowhere, similar to her entire existence in this universe. Honestly, they should've saved her for the next phase. She is too powerful a character to throw in at the end of all this with minimal development.I also disliked how the heroes' base is utterly annihilated by Thanos' ship with all of them in it. I understand those like Thor, Cap, Hulk, and Iron Man surviving, but Hawkeye, Ant-Man, and Rocket are totally unharmed? A little unrealistic even in this universe.All that said, I absolutely loved this film and really couldn't be happier with this conclusion. Yes, they could've worked out a couple bumps in the plot, but hey, no movie is perfect."
"300","glafournie","30 July 2019","
            10/10
            "," underwhelming
","Infinity war was so good. i was expecting this to be amazing, but now the best heros are just... gone. what? it was too quick. too rushed. some of the best elements of the mcu are just out.i would like to say that there defiantly some amazing parts of this movie. there was heavy action (maybe a little much) and wasn't very predictable. it certainly kept you on the edge of your seat.however, some of the best parts of the mcu are just gone. they could have done so much more, and deserved better."
